Inco Ltd., the Canadian nickel producer
being bought by  Brazil 's Cia.
Jim Cramer  recommended that viewers
buy shares of liquor maker  Diageo Plc (DGE)  because of its dividend
and its growth in  China .
European Union Energy Commissioner
Andris Piebalgs  backed German government plans to give antitrust
authorities powers to challenge energy price increases.
A former worker at a  Wisconsin
printing plant pleaded guilty to charges that he leaked the
names of stocks mentioned in Business Week before the magazine
was mailed out.
Bare Escentuals Inc.'s cosmetics are
a fad, making the stock likely to decline,  Jim Cramer  said on his
``Mad Money'' television program on CNBC.
Russia 's state-run OAO Gazprom, the
world's biggest natural gas exporter, agreed to charge Ukraine
about $2 billion more for the fuel in 2007, ending a dispute
that cut supplies to Europe at the start of this year.
Huaneng Power International Inc. (902) ,
the largest Chinese power producer listed in  Hong Kong , said
third-quarter profit rose 2.7 percent as demand grew at a faster
pace than fuel costs.
Cia.
Ambac Financial Group Inc. (ABKFQ) , the
world's second-largest bond insurer, said third-quarter profit
rose 22 percent even amid a drop in new business as a reduction
in reserves related to  Hurricane Katrina  bolstered results.
Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corp., a West
Virginia-based steelmaker, said it agreed to merge with  Brazil 's
Cia.
Balda AG (BAF) , which cut its profit
forecast last month, said its largest shareholder asked to give
investors interested in buying the company access to its books.
Baoshan Iron & Steel Co., China's
biggest steelmaker, said its third-quarter net income rose 42
percent and reversed three straight quarters of declines as
demand recovered.
MPC Capital AG, a German financial-
services company, said third-quarter profit more than doubled as
it booked a gain from the sale of a London office building.
Singapore Airlines Ltd. (SIA) , the world's
second-largest carrier by market value, said profit fell for a
sixth quarter in seven, as higher fuel costs eroded gains from
increased  travel demand .
Amerigroup Corp. (AGP) , which manages
government health plans for the poor, must pay at least $144
million in damages for wrongfully denying coverage to pregnant
women eligible for Medicaid, a jury found.
Porter Airlines Inc., the commuter
carrier that began flying between Toronto and Ottawa a week ago,
will add  Montreal  as its second destination starting on Dec. 11.
U.S. daily newspapers are losing
readers at an accelerating rate, led by big-city publications
such as the Miami Herald and Los Angeles Times.
ACE Aviation Holdings Inc. (ACE/H)  must give
raises to pilots at Air Canada, the country's largest airline,
and flight attendants at the company's regional carrier, two
arbitrators ruled.
OAO Comstar United Telesystems plans
to spend $300 million of the proceeds from its initial public
offering on acquisitions this year and in 2007, Chief Executive
Officer Eric Franke said.
Russian stocks rose, with the RTS
Index gaining the most in more than three weeks, led by OAO
Gazprom and OAO Unified Energy System.
Coles Myer Ltd.,  Australia 's second-largest retailer, raised the targets management must reach to be
paid bonuses, after pressure from its biggest shareholder to use
forecasts cited to reject a A$18.2 billion ($14 billion) buyout.
Korea Electric Power Corp. (015760) , the
country's largest utility, said third-quarter profit rose 19
percent because of higher electricity prices and increased
generation of lower-cost nuclear power.
The radiation detectors at the heart
of U.S.-backed cargo inspections aimed at stopping the spread of
North Korea 's nuclear technology may miss some contraband while
mistaking harmless materials for dangerous ones.
Nielsen Media Research , which
provides television ratings used to set advertising prices,
postponed for a second time a service that measure viewership of
commercials after cable networks questioned its accuracy.
Shares of  Schneider Electric SA (SU) ,
the world's biggest maker of circuit breakers, rose the most
in four months on speculation that the French company may be
a takeover target for private-equity companies.
A Ceridian Corp. unit didn't infringe
a  Tennessee  company's patent on gift cards sold at store
checkout stands, a federal jury said.
Russian Prosecutor General Yuri
Chaika's office is seeking to cancel extraction licenses held by
a unit of  BP Plc (BP/) 's local venture, the latest setback for foreign
companies in the nation's oil industry.
Shimao Property Holdings Ltd. (813) ,
controlled by  China 's fifth-richest man Xu Rongmao, hired  Goldman
Sachs Group Inc. (GS)  and  Morgan Stanley (MS)  to sell $500 million of bonds,
the company said in a statement.
Stillwater Mining Co. (SWC) , the only U.S.
producer of palladium and platinum, had its most profitable
quarter in two years as prices of recycled metals rose and
processing increased.
Dynegy Inc., owner of power plants in
10 U.S. states, reported a third-quarter loss of $69 million
after writing down the value of a  Kentucky  power plant and
recording costs for a debt exchange.
Namibian investors have bought  Absa
Group Ltd. (ASA) 's 34.4 percent stake in Capricorn Investment Holdings
Ltd., a Windhoek-based financial services company, for an
undisclosed amount.
Qatar Petroleum , the country's state-
run oil and gas company, offered to sell three different types of
condensate, totaling 980,000 metric tons, for loading in the year
from January, according to offer documents.
Russian stocks fell from a five-month
high, pushed lower by OAO Severstal, after the country's biggest
steelmaker by sales raised a less-than-expected $1.06 billion in
a public share offering.
China's stock market will rally as
much as 30 percent next year as surging exports boost profits
and a strengthening  yuan  encourages overseas speculative capital
to buy properties, according to ABN Amro Teda Fund Management Co.
Machinery makers, banks and property developers are likely
to lead gains, Liu Qingshan, chief investment officer at the
Beijing-based firm, said yesterday at a conference in Shanghai.
First National Bank , the consumer
banking unit of  FirstRand Ltd. (FSR) , said it may lose as much as 788
million rand ($107.5 million) in fees after South Africa
introduces a new credit law to protect consumers next year.
Cia.
OAO Raspadskaya, among the world's
10 biggest coking-coal producers, raised $317 million in a share
sale as Russian stock offerings this year climb to a record.
Mills Corp., a U.S. mall developer
struggling to build a $2 billion shopping and entertainment
complex in New Jersey, set its annual shareholder meeting for
next month after an investor sued the company on the matter.
A union representing workers at
Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corp. filed a grievance to block the
steelmaker's merger with  Brazil 's Cia.
Billionaire John Malone plans to
start his own motion-picture studio through the Starz cable-
television unit, budgeting as much as $360 million a year for his
first foray into movie-making.
OAO Baltika Breweries,  Russia 's
largest beer company, said nine-month profit rose 35 percent
after acquisitions of three local competitors, sending the
shares to their biggest gain in eight months.
The European Union outlined ways to
widen its system for trading air-pollution credits, seeking to
break the international deadlock over climate change.
Shares of  Sacyr Vallehermoso SA (SYV) ,
Spain 's fifth-biggest construction company, had their sharpest-ever gain after the company reported a 38 percent jump in third-quarter operating profit on increased orders for homes and roads.
Cia.
Singapore  said the purchase of
Thailand's Shin Corp. by investors led by Temasek Holdings Pte
was in accordance with the laws of the kingdom.
New Zealand Oil & Gas Ltd. (NZO) , a partner
in the country's Kupe gas field, has arranged a NZ$135 million
($89 million) loan to fund its share of the offshore project.
Nationwide Building Society , the
U.K.'s biggest customer-owned lender, said first-half profit jumped
33 percent as it regained market share amid ``fierce'' competition
for mortgages.
Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corp., a U.S.
steelmaker fighting an unsolicited merger proposal from Esmark
Inc., said a vote by investors to replace the board would force
the company to default on $475 million of loans.
Bank of Communications Ltd., China's
fifth-largest, plans to raise as much as $7.4 billion by selling
shares and bonds to domestic investors as it seeks funds to
extend more loans and credit cards.
Shares of  Ameristar Casinos Inc. (ASCA) , an
owner of seven casinos, rose 11 percent after the death of
largest shareholder and Chairman Craig Neilsen led to
speculation the company may be acquired, analysts said.
Peru 's  gold production  had its
biggest drop in 19 months in August as output plunged by one-
fifth at the country's largest gold mine.
Real Madrid, soccer's richest club by
sales, agreed to sell television rights to its games through 2013
to production company Grupo Mediapro for 1.1 billion euros ($1.4
billion), in what it called a record deal for a sports team.
TNK-BP (TNBP) , BP Plc's Russian unit, is
cutting exports of crude oil and refined products such as gasoline
and  fuel oil  as export taxes and surging demand make domestic
sales more attractive.
News Corp. (NWSA) , the media company headed
by  Rupert Murdoch , sold some Web sites it acquired last year as
part of its purchase of MySpace.com to Demand Media Inc.
Russian stocks advanced for the
first time in three days.
Russia will limit its stake in a $1
billion oil pipeline from Bulgaria to Greece to 51 percent,
leaving room for  oil companies  working in Kazakhstan to join the
project.
OAO GMK Norilsk Nickel (GMKN) , Russia's
biggest mining company, asked the government of Tajikistan for
the rights to survey and mine a silver deposit in the country's
north that may be one of the world's biggest.
Bank of China Ltd. (3988) , the country's
oldest bank, said it's bidding for a stake in Asia's biggest
aircraft leasing business to expand its income source and reduce
dependence on fees earned from interests.
Remy Cointreau SA (RCO) , Europe's fifth-
largest liquor producer, withdrew from a venture with Fortune
Brands Inc. to gain more control over distributing its cognac
and champagne in  Asia .
Russian stocks advanced.
Corus Group Plc, the subject of a
takeover battle between  Tata Steel Ltd. (TATA)  and  Cia.
Remgro Ltd. (REM) , a South African holding
company for banking, tobacco and mining interests, said first-half
profit dropped 42 percent after last year's gains on the sale of
stakes weren't repeated.
Russian stocks gained, with the
benchmark  RTS Index (RTSI$)  reaching the highest since its record close
in May.
Stocks in  Russia , the world's
second-largest oil producer behind Saudi Arabia, rose after
crude climbed to a two-month high in New York.
Kuwait Finance House, the  Persian
Gulf 's largest Islamic investment bank, said it's considering
buying a stake in Rashid Hussain Bhd.
OAO Transneft,  Russia 's state-owned
pipeline monopoly, will charge 8.7 percent more on average for
transporting crude oil next year, the Federal Tariffs Service
said today on its  Web site .
Equity One Inc. (EQY) , a U.S. owner of
neighborhood shopping centers, said Jeffrey Olson has become chief
executive officer, succeeding Chaim Katzman, who resigned from the
position four months earlier than originally planned.
Cia.
ZiLog Inc., a maker of computer chips
for products including toasters and automobiles, sued
competitors  Altera Corp. (ALTR)  and Actel Corp., alleging infringement
of a patent covering a chip-programming technique.
Shares of  ReneSola Ltd. (SOL) , a Chinese
maker of wafers for solar-energy cells, climbed for a seventh
consecutive trading session in  London , giving investors in a
share sale four months ago a sixfold return.
New Zealand Oil & Gas Ltd. (NZO)  said it
will manage the sale of shares in its Pike River Coal Ltd. unit
after three of the miner's directors resigned.
Taiwan 's voters delivered a split
verdict in two important local elections today, electing a
candidate of the ruling  Democratic Progressive Party  as mayor of
the southern city of Kaohsiung, and choosing an opposition
candidate as mayor of Taipei, the island's capital.
Cia.
Russian stocks fell, with the
benchmark  RTS Index (RTSI$)  sliding from a record and posting its first
loss in 15 sessions.
China South Automobile Co., parent of
the Chinese partner of  Ford Motor Co. (F)  and  Mazda Motor Corp. (7261) , said
it's aiming to sell shares in Hong Kong or the U.S. next year to
fund its expansion plans.
China Vanke Co. (000002) , the country's
largest listed developer, said it received approval to raise as
much as 4.2 billion  yuan  ($536 million) selling new shares to
finance the construction of apartments in Beijing and Shanghai.
Dynegy Inc. (DYN)  forecast a profit for
2007 after the acquisition of power plants from LS Power Group
for $2.65 billion.
Cia.
Bank of China  Ltd., the nation's
second-biggest bank, said it will buy all shares of Singapore
Aircraft Leasing Enterprise for $965 million, the first major
acquisition made by a state-owned Chinese bank.
OAO Gazprom (GAZP) , the sole Russian
exporter of natural gas, is in talks with Ukraine on boosting
shipments of the fuel to western  Europe  via Ukraine's pipeline
network, a year after cutting supplies over a price dispute.
China Life Insurance Co. (2628)  and Ping An
Insurance (Group) Co.'s  Hong Kong  shares had their biggest one-
day gain in three years after the nation's biggest insurer won
approval to sell stock in  Shanghai .
Shares of  Shaw Group Inc. , a
construction company for the energy industry, rose 8.6 percent
after it was selected by China as part of a group to build four
nuclear reactors in a project valued at $5.3 billion.
Corus Group Plc, the subject of a
takeover battle between  Tata Steel Ltd. (TATA)  and Cia.
FOH Holdings Inc., the parent
company of intimate apparel chain Frederick's of Hollywood,
agreed to merge with  Movie Star Inc. (MSI)  in a move that will make
Frederick's a public company.
Peru 's  gold production  in September
tumbled 9.5 percent, the most in 19 months, led by a plunge at
Newmont Gold Corp. (NEM) 's Yanacocha mine, the country's biggest source
of the precious metal.
UAL Corp.'s  United Airlines  and
members of its  Star Alliance , the world's largest airline
grouping, can add three new carriers with antitrust immunity,
the U.S. Transportation Department said.
-- Wesfarmers Ltd., whose businesses
range from mining to insurance, gained preliminary clearance from
the antitrust regulator to buy  Linde AG (LIN) 's Australian gas assets
for about A$500 million ($392 million).
Spain 's Pasa Group plans to buy
Italy's Star SpA to combine the bouillon cube makers into a
business owned equally by the companies' controlling families.
Seven Networks Inc., whose e-mail
software is used in mobile phones, lost a bid to overturn a jury
verdict that it infringed three patents owned by Visto Corp.
U.S. District Judge T. John Ward in Marshall,  Texas , today
upheld the verdict, increased the jury award to a total of
$7.7 million, and ordered Seven Networks to stop providing its
Personal Edition, Server Edition and Enterprise Edition
products.
Overseas purchases of iron ore by
China , the world's largest importer of the raw material, may
gain 10 percent next year, about half this year's rate, as
domestic production rises, an industry association says.
China , the world's biggest oil user
after the U.S., increased crude oil processing by 6.4 percent
and gas production by 15 percent in November from a year earlier
to meet rising demand, according to government data.
BHP Billiton Ltd. (BHP) , the world's
largest miner, has reached agreements on 2007 fees for processing
copper in  Japan , persuading at least one smelter to accept a
reduction that highlights a global shortage of raw materials.
A dispute between Belarus and OAO
Gazprom that threatens to interrupt gas supplies to the European
Union next week may lead to a more integrated EU  energy policy  and
greater diversification of energy sources.
Kaye Scholer LLP, the 500-lawyer  New
York  law firm whose clients include buyout firm Compass  Capital
Partners , has hired regulatory solicitor Owen Watkins as part of
its U.K. expansion plans.
News Corp. (NWSA) 's  Fox News  Channel said
``At Large with Geraldo Rivera'' will return to the cable
network on Saturday and Sunday nights after his broadcast show
failed to attract enough advertisers.
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. (GT)  and three
other companies that do business with Michigan-based carmakers
and auto-parts suppliers have formed a trade group to promote the
state's ailing automotive industry.
Fifty-two percent of the press
operators at Tribune Co.'s  Los Angeles  Times voted for
representation by the  International Brotherhood of Teamsters
after a six-month organizing campaign, the union said.
Maanshan Iron & Steel Co. (323) ,  China 's
second-biggest Hong Kong-listed steelmaker, had the rating on
its stock raised by Credit Suisse Group, citing higher profit.
Singapore Aircraft Leasing Enterprise,
owned by  Bank of China Ltd. , will buy 40 planes from Airbus SAS
and Boeing Co., as it expands its fleet to meet demand from low-cost carriers and other airlines.
The Australian dollar strengthened as
a government report showed retail sales rose in November,
supporting speculation the Reserve Bank of  Australia  may raise
interest rates to control inflationary pressures.
Fremont Investment & Loan, the third-largest provider of sub-prime U.S. mortgages through brokers, is
making broad changes to its lending guidelines for at least the
second time within a year to reflect concerns about rising late
payments by the riskiest borrowers.
Hong Kong  stocks fell on concern a
three-month rally in China-related shares, which lifted the Hang
Seng Index to a record, more than reflected earnings prospects.
Quiznos, the second-biggest U.S.
sandwich chain, appointed former Burger King Chief Executive
Officer Greg Brenneman as president and CEO, effective
immediately.
Lottomatica SpA,  Italy 's biggest
lottery company, will bid for the license to operate the U.K.'s
lottery when it comes up for renewal in 2009, Chairman Lorenzo Pellicioli said.
Shares of  Reed Elsevier Plc (REL) , the
owner of the LexisNexis database and Harcourt educational
publisher, rose after Credit Suisse analysts said the company
may become the target of a buyout firm.
Astral Media Inc. (ACM/A) ,  Canada 's biggest
pay- and specialty-television broadcaster, said first-quarter
profit more than doubled as tax costs fell and TV advertising
sales increased.
Grupo Modelo SA (GMODELOC) , Mexico's largest
beermaker, can continue exclusive contracts with the country's
retailers after antitrust regulators rejected a complaint by
SABMiller Plc.
OAO Lukoil (LKOH) ,  Russia 's biggest oil
producer, reported a 10 percent increase in third-quarter profit as
the company raised output through acquisitions in  Kazakhstan  and
exploration ventures in  Egypt .
Watson Pharmaceuticals Inc. (WPI) , the
largest U.S. maker of generic drugs, reported positive results
for its experimental prostate treatment in two late-state trials.
Tectonic Resources NL, an Australian
mineral exploration company, said it was restarting mining at
its RAV 8 nickel project in Western Australia, as prices of the
metal soared.
Hoku Scientific Inc., a maker of fuel
cell components, will supply polysilicon to Sanyo Electric Co.
under a seven-year agreement valued at as much as $370 million.
OAO Raspadskaya,  Russia 's second-
largest miner of coal used in steelmaking, has $317 million set
aside to buy domestic rivals, and plans to spend a further $327
million on expanding production.
General Motors Corp., the world's
largest automaker, is offering a $750 bonus to buyers to clear
new 2006- or 2005-model cars and trucks from dealer lots.
China 's vehicle sales will likely
rise 18 percent this year, as economic growth boosts demand in
the world's second-biggest auto market.
Coca-Cola Co. (KO) , the world's largest
soft-drink maker, will shift some of outgoing marketing chief
Mary Minnick's responsibilities to recently promoted President
Muhtar Kent .
Rupert Murdoch's Star Group Ltd. said
two executives in  India  resigned, more than a week after the Hong
Kong-based company's chief executive officer said she will quit.
China 's stocks rose, pushing the
benchmark to a record for a third day.
MySpace,  News Corp. (NWSA) 's social-networking Web site, tightened its rules to deter predators and
started to distribute Amber alerts for missing children.
``American Idol,'' the most popular
show in primetime television, withstood last week's criticism
over judging and returned last night with the third-largest
audience for an entertainment show this season.
OAO Aeroflot (AFLT) , eastern  Europe 's largest
airline, carried 8.7 percent more passengers last year as the
country's growing economy boosted travel.
Coca-Cola Co. (KO)  will go head-to-head
with  PepsiCo Inc. (PEP)  in  Super Bowl  television advertising for the
first time in almost a decade as it tries to boost sales of its
top-selling drink.
Fonterra Cooperative Group Ltd., the
world's biggest dairy exporter, said first-half sales rose 9
percent aided by an increase in New Zealand milk production.
Halliburton Co. (HAL) , the world's second-largest oil-services provider, said it has been awarded a three-year contract valued at about $100 million from BP Plc's  Russia
venture.
Corus Group Plc, the U.K.'s biggest
steelmaker and valued by investors at 5.2 billion pounds ($10.2
billion), will be auctioned off on Jan. 30 with bidding from  Tata
Steel Ltd. (TATA)  and Cia.
Shares of video-game makers
including  THQ Inc. (THQI)  fell after Microsoft Corp. lowered its
forecast for Xbox 360 sales.
Steel Authority of India Ltd. , the
largest steelmaker, reported third-quarter net income more than
doubled, beating analyst estimates, because of an increase in
prices and sales.
China  Life Insurance Co., the
world's second-biggest insurer by market value, said profit rose
more than 50 percent last year because of investment gains,
after the nation's stock market rose to a record.
News Corp. (NWS) 's Fox Filmed
Entertainment named Hutch Parker vice chairman of the Twentieth
Century Fox Film Group, giving him responsibility for the
studio's animation business.
News Corp. (NWSA) 's MySpace, a social-networking Web site, endorsed U.S. House and Senate proposals
requiring convicted sex offenders to register their e-mail
addresses and other online identities with the government.
SL Green Realty Corp., (SLG)  New York's
biggest owner of office buildings, said fourth-quarter earnings
rose 41 percent, as rising  Manhattan  office rents boosted revenue.
Telekomunikacja Polska SA,  Poland 's
former phone monopoly, plans to cut prices for fixed-line calls
this year to compete better and keep its share of the market.
Russia  billionaires  Vladimir Potanin  and  Mikhail Prokhorov  agreed to split their assets,
raising investor expectations the world's largest nickel miner
will be sold to the state or a strategic investor.
Peru's  gold output  may drop 13 percent
this year as ore grades decline at Minera Yanacocha, the country's
biggest producer, said Isaac Cruz, president of the nation's
mining lobby.
The U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission proposed rules making it easier for credit-rating
companies to get federal approval, part of an effort to encourage
competition for  Standard & Poor's  and Moody's Investors Service.
OAO Sitronics, the technology unit
of Russian billionaire Vladimir Yevtushenkov's holding company
AFK Sistema (SSA) , is selling stock for between $12 and $15 each in
the fifth initial public offering by a Sistema company.
YM Biosciences Inc. said a safety
monitoring group advised it to shut down a breast cancer drug
trial because it's ``very unlikely'' the experimental treatment
will improve patients' survival.
Coca-Cola Co. (KO) , the world's largest
soft-drink maker, agreed to buy Fuze Beverage LLC to add more
juice, tea and energy drinks in an effort to catch up with
PepsiCo Inc.
Coca-Cola gains a half-dozen new products including Fuze
Tea, NOS energy drinks and Fuze Slenderize, which has chromium
and amino acids that Fuze says help promote  weight loss .
U.S.
China , the world's largest maker and
consumer of cement, produced 19 percent more of the building
material in 2006, spurred by spending on housing, ports and
factories.
Magang (Group) Holdings Co., which
controls China's second-biggest Hong Kong-listed steelmaker,
received government approval to spend 1.1 billion  yuan  ($142
million) on an  iron ore  and sulfur mine.
Billionaire  Rupert Murdoch 's trust
gave each of his six children shares of  News Corp. (NWSA)  valued at
about $100 million, seven months after settling a family dispute
over how to share control of his stake in the media company.
Qatar Telecom QSC, the Persian Gulf
emirate's monopoly phone company, said full-year profit jumped
43 percent led by growth in its Omani mobile-phone unit.
Austrian regulators are probing
elevator and escalator makers, including  Schindler Holding AG (SCHN) , for
operating a possible price-fixing cartel starting in the 1980s.
Kuwait  Finance House, the Persian
Gulf's largest Islamic investment bank that's in talks to buy a
stake in Malaysia's Rashid Hussain Bhd., said it plans to make
an announcement about the transaction as early as this week.
OAO GMK Norilsk Nickel (GMKN)  Chief
Executive Officer  Mikhail Prokhorov  said the company plans to
spin off all its power assets to create Russia's largest energy
holding before the end of this year.
A group of Adelphia Communications
Corp. noteholders shouldn't have to post a $1.3 billion bond
while a judge considers objections to the company's bankruptcy
exit plan, the group's lawyer told a federal appeals court.
Shares of  RHB Capital (RHBC)  Bhd.,
Malaysia's fourth-biggest bank, surged after a  Kuwait  Finance
House-led group offered to invest more than $3.4 billion in the
lender's parent to expand in  Asia 's biggest Islamic finance
market.
Maguire Properties Inc. (MPG) , downtown  Los
Angeles 's largest office owner, dropped plans to consider a
possible sale even as the takeover of landlords Equity Office
Properties Trust and Mills Corp. has sparked bidding contests.
EON Capital Bhd., a Malaysian bank
that earns a third of its revenue from auto-purchase financing,
offered to buy Rashid Hussain Bhd.
NCC AB (NCCB) ,  Sweden 's second-largest
construction company, said fourth-quarter profit jumped 79
percent on surging demand for housing in its home market and
other Nordic nations.
China Vanke Co. (200002) , the country's largest
listed property developer, and  China  Aviation Industry Corp.
PagesJaunes SA (PAJ) , the French phone
directory publisher controlled by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co.,
received orders worth about 15 billion euros ($19 billion) for a
sale of 3.9 billion euros of high-yield loans.
Shares of  RCS MediaGroup SpA (RCS)  rose to
their highest in eight months after the owner of  Italy 's largest
daily agreed to buy Recoletos Grupo de Comunicacion SA to gain
Marca and Expansion, Spain's biggest sports and financial
newspapers.
Shares of  RHB Capital (RHBC)  Bhd.,
Malaysia 's fourth-largest bank, surged to more than a six-year
high after EON Capital Bhd.
Wal-Mart de Mexico SA ,  Latin
America 's biggest retailer, posted its smallest profit increase
in a year by cutting prices to take market share from
competitors.
A group of Adelphia Communications
Corp. noteholders must post a $1.3 billion bond while a judge
considers objections to the company's plan to exit bankruptcy, a
federal appeals court ruled.
A federal judge declared Adelphia
Communications Corp.'s bankruptcy plan to be effective, allowing
the company to distribute $17 billion in stock and cash to
thousands of creditors.
Advanced Marketing Services Inc., (MKTS)  a
bankrupt book distributor for warehouse retailers Sam's Club and
Costco Wholesale Corp., agreed to sell most of its assets to
rival distributor Baker & Taylor Inc.
Tenaris SA (TEN) , the world's largest
maker of oil and natural-gas pipes, agreed to buy Hydril Co., a
Texas manufacturer of valves and meters for deepwater drilling,
for about $2.2 billion.
Onyx Pharmaceuticals Inc.'s shares
almost doubled after the company said its only drug, Nexavar,
helped patients with  liver cancer  stay alive longer.
Philippine metal production may surge
in the next two years as overseas companies, including Sumitomo
Metal Mining Co., Japan's largest nickel producer, expand or
start operations, Natural Resources Secretary  Angelo Reyes  said.
Hollywood's top lobbyist said that
nine out of 10 DVDs sold in China are pirated and called on the
Chinese government to honor repeated promises to reel in theft.
Russian stocks including OAO
Sberbank rose.
Russian Economy Minister  German Gref
warned the government to curb gas-export monopoly OAO  Gazprom (GSPBEX) 's
expansion into other industries, saying it could ``throw the
country back many years.''
Pharming Group NV (PHARM) , a biotechnology
company that uses milk from genetically modified rabbits to make
its most-advanced experimental drug, said its full-year loss
widened on money put aside for future payments to a partner.
Utama Banking Group Bhd.
Russia , the world's largest oil
producer after  Saudi Arabia , has enough money to survive any
external shock, including a prolonged plunge in the price of
crude, President  Vladimir Putin 's top economic adviser said.
Anglo American Plc (AAL)  Chief Executive
Officer Tony Trahar said the company has been approached by Russian
investors and other companies over its 42 percent stake in  AngloGold
Ashanti Ltd. (ANG) , the world's second-biggest gold producer.
OAO GMKN  Norilsk Nickel , the world's
largest producer of nickel, slashed its borrowing costs by a
third as surging prices for the metal boost the company's profit.
Coles Group Ltd. (CMG)  put itself up for
sale four months after rejecting a A$18.2 billion ($14.4 billion)
offer by a Kohlberg, Kravis Roberts & Co.-led group, setting up a
potential bidding war for  Australia 's second-largest retailer.
Industrial & Commercial Bank of China
Ltd. and other Chinese financial stocks plunged on concern the
government will clamp down on lending to cool share price gains
and corporate investment.
Dynegy Inc. (DYN) , owner of power plants in
10 U.S. states, reported a fourth-quarter net loss of $58 million
tied mostly to sale of two power plants to tighten its focus on
profitable markets.
Merrill Lynch & Co. hired Keith Magnus from  Deutsche Bank AG (DBK)  to head its  investment-banking
business in Singapore and Malaysia, two people with knowledge of
the appointment said.
Reliant Energy Inc., the second-
largest  Texas  power retailer, posted its 13th loss in 17
quarters after above-normal temperatures sapped demand for
electricity to heat homes.
Watson Pharmaceuticals (WPI)  Inc., the
biggest U.S. maker of generic drugs, reported a fourth-quarter
loss on the writedown of in-process research and development
after its $1.9 billion acquisition of Andrx Corp.
Fremont General Corp., the third-largest provider of subprime U.S. mortgages through brokers and
lenders, postponed filing earnings for the fourth quarter and
for the year 2006.
OAO Gazprom (GAZP)  plans to complete the
acquisition of shares in  Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA) 's Sakhalin-2 oil
and gas venture next month, giving the Russian company control
over the country's first liquefied natural gas project.
Sesa Goa Ltd. (SESA) ,  India 's  biggest  non-state-run iron ore exporter, said the government's plan to levy
a tax on overseas sales of the steelmaking ingredient will lower
profit.
ITV Pcl (ITV) , a Thai broadcaster
controlled by Singapore's Temasek Holdings Pte, will be seized
by the government if it can't pay 100 billion baht ($2.8 billion)
in penalties by midnight of March 6.
Billionaire Kumar Mangalam Birla
plans to raise his stake in  Hindalco Industries Ltd. (HNDL) ,  India 's
biggest aluminum maker, to remain majority shareholder as the
company prepares to buy Novelis Inc. for $6 billion.
Biovail Corp. reached a settlement
with four generic-drug makers that delays sales of cheaper
copies of one form of its antidepressant Wellbutrin XL until
next year.
Progress Energy Trust agreed to
acquire oil and gas fields in northeast British Columbia and
northwest  Alberta  for C$390.3 million ($330.7 million), boosting
production by a third.
Fremont General Corp., the California
thrift whose mortgage-lending arm was shut last week by U.S. bank
regulators, said an appeals court has reinstated two 2004
lawsuits brought by the state's insurance commissioner.
News Corp. (NWSA) 's HarperCollins
publishing business acquired rights to a book written by Jenna Bush, daughter of President George W. Bush.
Dusa Pharmaceuticals USA said a
federal judge lifted a ban on sales of a generic version of the
acne treatment Nicomide by River's Edge Pharmaceuticals LLC.
EON Capital Bhd., one of  Malaysia 's
smallest lenders, raised its offer to buy the country's fourth-
biggest bank, a day after a pension fund joined a three-way fight.
General Electric Co. (GE) 's NBC Universal
Inc., Walt Disney Co. and three other U.S. theme-parks operators
were sued for infringement of patents on magnetic brakes used on
roller coasters.
Anglo Irish Bank Plc, Ireland's
third-largest bank, said fiscal first-half earnings will rise
``close to'' 40 percent, helped by demand for loans.
Tata Steel Ltd., set to become the
world's fifth-biggest producer after buying U.K.'s Corus Group
Plc, said its unit agreed to buy two mills in Vietnam to tap
rising demand from construction companies.
Europe 's second-highest court said
the European Commission had a right to search the offices of
France Telecom  SA and its Wanadoo unit during an antitrust
probe, rejecting a challenge from the companies.
PPR SA (PP) , the world's third-biggest
luxury-goods  maker, said annual earnings climbed 28 percent as
the Boucheron brand broke even for the first time and
profitability improved at its Fnac book and electronics stores.
Salzgitter AG (SZG) ,  Germany 's second-largest steelmaker, agreed to buy 78 percent of the packaging
machine firm Kloeckner-Werke AG, expanding in a business with
less volatile pricing.
The coldest February since 1979
caused U.S. retailers'  sales  to grow at the slowest pace in
three months as consumers delayed purchases of spring
merchandise.
Cia.
Indonesia's key stock index fell for
the first day in four.
Magyar Telekom Nyrt.,  Hungary 's
former phone monopoly, said government austerity measures, a
strengthening forint and accounting changes for an investment
will keep profit from growing this year.
Sam Zell, the billionaire real-
estate developer, said he's had talks to acquire Tribune Co.
and, if successful, doesn't plan to sell its newspapers or
television stations.
Mexican billionaire  Carlos Slim  said
he would sell CompUSA Inc. ``if anyone will buy it.''
PT International Nickel Indonesia (INCO) ,
the country's biggest nickel miner, may build a $500 million mine
and processing plant in  Indonesia 's Central Sulawesi province by
2010, and is considering another plant in Southeast Sulawesi.
Gazit-Globe Ltd. (GLOB) , Israel's second-
largest property developer by market value, said its Canadian
unit agreed to buy an Alberta shopping center for $70 million.
Iron ore  contract prices may rise
10 percent next year on expectation of rising demand from China,
according to Macquarie Bank Ltd., the largest investment bank in
Australia , the biggest iron ore exporter.
Jean-Francois Robin, an economist
with Natixis in Paris, commented on French February inflation.
Qualcomm Inc. (QCOM) , a U.S. chipmaker
facing lawsuits because of its royalty rates, expanded a
licensing agreement with  Nortel Networks Corp. (NRTLQ) , North America's
largest maker of telephone gear.
Russia ,  Bulgaria  and  Greece  agreed
to build a pipeline that bypasses Turkey's congested Bosporus
strait, saving the oil industry as much as $1 billion a year in
shipping costs.
South Africa 's central bank Governor
Tito Mboweni said he will give banks time to curb a lending surge
that has pushed  household debt  to record levels before taking
action to force banks to limit loan growth.
A Russian agency will review
alleged violations committed by state-run OAO Rosneft at
Siberia's Vankor oil field, which will help fill a pipeline
being built to the  Pacific Ocean  to supply Asian markets.
China Life Insurance Co., the
nation's biggest life insurer, reported growth in premiums slowed
to 13 percent in the first two months of the year.
China Life Insurance Co. (2628)  and  Ping
An Insurance (Group) Co. (2318) , the nation's two largest insurers,
paid a combined 10.8 billion  yuan  ($1.4 billion) for about 10
percent of China Minsheng Banking Corp., whose shares more than
tripled last year.
Absa Group Ltd. (ASA) , South Africa's
biggest retail bank, fired Danisa Baloyi as a director because
of her involvement with Fidentia Asset Management Ltd., the
money manager placed under administration.
The Financial Services Authority,
the U.K.'s markets regulator, fined a former  Citigroup Inc. (C)
equities analyst 52,500 pounds ($103,000) for market misconduct.
At least 10 steelmakers in  China
including  Baosteel Group Corp. (600019) , the country's largest mill, have
agreed to suspend  iron ore  purchases from  India  after the South
Asian nation announced a tax on exports, an industry group said.
Shares of  Nutreco Holding NV (NUO) , the
world's biggest salmon-feed producer, rose the most in six months
on speculation the company may be a target for a takeover backed
by London-based buyout firm Permira Advisers LLP.
Tribune Co., the second-largest
U.S. newspaper publisher, posted a 3.4 percent decline in
February revenue as advertising sales fell.
Russian stocks climbed, paced by OAO
Rosneft and OAO Lukoil after oil prices gained.
Wuhan Iron & Steel Co., the listed
unit of  China 's fifth-biggest steelmaker by output, plans to sell
7.5 billion  yuan  ($696 million) of convertible bonds on March 26
to fund expansion.
China  Vanke Co., the country's
biggest publicly traded developer, said it will pay 1 billion
yuan ($129 million) for stakes in four builders, using takeovers
to expand as the government curbs land supply.
Palm Inc. won a court order
delaying NTP Inc.'s patent-infringement lawsuit over wireless
e-mail service while U.S. officials review the inventions.
Russian stocks climbed as investors
speculated  emerging markets  may benefit from the  Federal
Reserve 's shift on  interest rates .
Venoco Inc., an oil and gas
exploration and production company, plans to buy  Texas  and
California oil fields for about $106 million to increase the
company's 2007 average daily production by about 500 barrels.
Liberty International Plc,  the U.K.'s
largest owner of shopping centers, bought 17 shops under London's
Royal Opera House for 127.5 million pounds ($250.5 million) to
become the largest landlord in the Covent Garden district.
LionOre Mining International Ltd.,
the third-largest nickel producer in  Australia , asked for its
shares to be halted from trading on the Australian Stock
Exchange pending an announcement.
OAO GMK Norilsk Nickel (GMKN) ,  Russia 's
biggest mining company, offered as much as $1.4 billion to buy
out electricity generator OAO OGK-3 from minority shareholders
before spinning it off this year.
Shares of Tribune Co., owner of the
Los Angeles  Times and  Chicago Cubs , rose after the Los Angeles
Times reported the company may accept an $8 billion takeover
offer from real estate billionaire  Sam Zell .
Brazilian stocks fell for the first
day in three as the dollar slid, threatening profits for exporters.
Nortel Networks Corp. (NRTLQ) ,  North
America 's biggest maker of telephone equipment, added Mobile
Satellite Ventures LP and Wind Telecom as customers for a new
high-speed wireless technology after losing sales in other units.
Research In Motion Ltd. (RIMM)  says  Apple
Inc. (AAPL) 's introduction of the iPhone in June may help drive sales of
BlackBerrys.
Cia.
Malaysian bonds rallied, pushing
three-, five- and 10-year yields below the nation's benchmark
interest rate for the first time, after demand at a debt auction
surged.
The Australian dollar rose against
the dollar to near the strongest in a decade as Japanese
investors bought the nation's higher-yielding assets.
Laws removing most restrictions on
media ownership in  Australia  will take effect April 4, paving the
way for overseas companies to take control of local media and for
broadcasters and newspaper publishers to combine.
Carrefour SA (CA) , Europe's biggest
retailer, must find ways to sell real estate without disturbing
its operations, Chief Executive Officer Jose Luis Duran said.
Liberty International Plc, the
U.K.'s largest owner of malls, and Great Portland Estates Plc, a
property company focusing on London's West End, formed a 460
million-pound ($903 million) venture to invest in central
London.
Imax Corp. (IMAX) , the biggest maker of
large-screen movie theaters, expanded a probe into accounting
errors and said restatements may exceed the $2.5 million already
announced.
Roche Holding AG (ROG) , the world's
biggest maker of diagnostic tests, agreed to buy CuraGen Corp.'s
454 Life Sciences for $140 million in cash to gain the company's
DNA-mapping technology.
China 's government has named the
head of the country's sixth-largest bank and a senior civil
servant to a committee that advises the central bank on setting
monetary policies.
Financial regulators in  Italy  and the
U.K. froze assets of Iran's Bank Sepah as tensions rise over an
Iranian nuclear program and the country's capture of British
sailors and Marines.
OAO Novolipetsk Steel (NLMK) ,  Russia 's
most profitable producer of the metal, agreed to sell an
unprofitable coal unit for $1, a year after buying it for $62
million.
OAO Severstal,  Russia 's largest
steelmaker, said profit plunged 30 percent last year after the
company cut the value of assets and raw-material costs rose.
Cell Genesys Inc.'s shares climbed
32 percent after updated test results showed its experimental
drug for prostate cancer improved survival better than previously
indicated.
French fashion designer Hedi Slimane
said he declined an offer to continue as artistic director for
Christian Dior  SA's Dior Homme unit after seven years in the job.
Brazilian state-controlled oil
company  Petroleo Brasileiro SA (PETR4) 's investments in Ecuador will
reach $1 billion by 2010, Brazilian President  Luiz Inacio Lula da
Silva  said.
China Vanke Co. (000002) , the country's
largest listed property developer, said first-quarter profit may
have increased as much as 50 percent after home sales surged,
after the company expanded its market share through acquisitions.
China  cut jet fuel prices by 90  yuan
($11.65) a ton starting April 1, to reflect earlier oil price
declines, according to domestic airlines including China Eastern
Airlines Corp.
``It's a positive move for China's airlines,'' said  Luo Zhuping , company secretary of China Eastern, in a telephone
interview today, without elaborating on how much the company may
gain from the cost reduction.
Imax Corp. (IMAX) , the Canadian movie-
screen maker whose accounting is under regulatory scrutiny,
named industry veteran Joseph Sparacio chief financial officer
to help the company clear up its bookkeeping.
Samsung Life Insurance Co. and other
life insurers in  South Korea  offered to donate a combined 1.5
trillion won ($1.6 billion) over twenty years, their latest move
to appease policyholders who are blocking them from going public.
Chongqing Changan Automobile Co. (000625) ,
which makes vehicles in China with  Ford Motor Co. (F)  and  Suzuki
Motor Corp. (7269) , said its 2006 profit more than doubled from a year
earlier on demand for Ford-brand cars.
Richard Handler , the chairman of
Jefferies Group Inc. (JEF) , stashed away more than $200 million in
deferred compensation since joining the brokerage 17 years ago,
mostly through stock awards he received in lieu of cash.
Cia.
Bank of Communications Co. , the
nation's sixth-largest, may raise as much as $3.4 billion selling
shares in Shanghai, testing a rally that has made the nation's
banks the most expensive among  Asia 's  emerging markets .
Fremont Bank is a community
institution in the San Francisco Bay area.
Russia 's benchmark  RTS (RTSI$)  Index
surpassed the 2000 mark for the first time after surging crude
prices increased demand for energy stocks in the world's biggest
oil-producing nation.
OAO  Magnit (MGNT) , Russia's second-largest
supermarket chain, said first-quarter revenue rose 48 percent as
it opened more stores and added customers.
Maanshan Iron & Steel Co. (600808) , China's
second-biggest Hong Kong-listed steelmaker, said 2006 profit fell
18 percent because of lower average prices and higher production
costs.
China 's reliance on oil imports may
increase by to 60 percent of demand by 2020, said a researcher
with the country's largest oil company.
OAO Novolipetsk Steel (NLMK) ,  Russia 's
fourth-biggest steelmaker, said profit climbed 50 percent last
year as prices for the alloy rebounded.
Saudi Basic Industries Corp. (SABIC) , the
world's biggest chemical company by market value, said first-
quarter profit jumped 50 percent as increasing global demand
for plastics, solvents and polymers buoyed prices and volumes.
Hungarian lawmakers yesterday voted
to abolish `golden shares' that gave the government veto powers
for companies including refiner  Mol Nyrt.
OAO Yukos Oil Co.'s power-
generating units were sold to OOO Monte-Valle for 3.56 billion
rubles ($138 million) at the third liquidation auction for
assets of what was once  Russia 's largest oil producer.
China , the world's largest energy
user after the U.S., may increase crude oil  imports  by as much
as 14 percent this year to meet surging domestic demand, said an
official with the nation's largest oil refiner.
Coca-Cola Co. (KO)  Chief Executive
Officer Neville Isdell said the world's largest soft-drink maker
is ``keeping our promise'' to return the company to steady
growth by focusing on  emerging markets  such as China.
NBC attracted one of its smallest
average prime-time audiences on record last week after the
network aired reruns in many time slots.
Shares of  PICC Property & Casualty
Co. (2328) ,  China 's largest non-life insurer, fell 8.7 percent after
the company reported declining market share and premiums that
grew at about one-third the overall market rate.
Newmont Gold Corp. (NEM) 's Minera
Yanacocha, the world's largest gold mine, said that contract
talks with workers in  Peru  have broken off.
Bodycote International Plc (BOY) , the U.K.
metal-treatment company that spurned a takeover offer from  Sulzer
AG (SUN)  earlier this month, said first-quarter sales grew 22 percent,
buoyed by purchases and demand from energy customers.
Eiffage SA (FGR) ,  France 's third-biggest
construction company, said its board rejected Spanish rival
Sacyr Vallehermoso SA (SYV) 's 6.6 billion-euro ($9 billion) bid for
the two-thirds of the business it doesn't already own.
China Life Insurance Co. (2628) , the
nation's biggest insurer, said its parent company doesn't plan to
list the group's shares for trading.
Cia.
Vedanta Resources Plc (VED)  agreed to buy
Mitsui & Co.'s entire stake in Indian iron-ore exporter  Sesa Goa
Ltd. (SESA)  for $981 million, defeating rivals including Arcelor Mittal
to secure supplies of the steel-making raw material.
Anheuser-Busch Cos. (BUD)  said first-
quarter profit rose 3.7 percent, less than analysts estimated, on
increased advertising for Bud Light and imported beers.
Ten men were charged with defrauding
more than a dozen mortgage lenders, including Lehman Brothers
Holdings Inc.,  HSBC Holdings Plc.
Ross Stores Inc. (ROST)  and  TJX Cos. (TJX)  could
be buyout targets of private equity firms because they have
large cash flow and areas to cut costs, CNBC host  Jim Cramer
said today on his ``Mad Money'' television program.
Furniture Brands International
Inc., the maker of the Broyhill and Thomasville brands, said it
would cut 330 jobs and close three North Carolina plants to save
$13 million a year.
Morgan Stanley (MS) , the world's second-largest securities company, raised its forecast for emerging-market stocks this year on expectations for worldwide economic
growth and rising commodity prices.
Sulzer AG (SUN) , the world's second-biggest maker of pumps, walked away from a 1.11 billion-pound
($2.2 billion) takeover bid for Bodycote International Plc after
five approaches failed to sway the U.K. metal-treatment company.
Cia.
Watson Pharmaceuticals Inc. (WPI) , the
second-biggest U.S. seller of generic drugs, said quarterly
profit rose 26 percent on demand for low-cost copies of
medicines.
Cia.
OAO Magnit (MGNT) ,  Russia 's second-largest
supermarket chain, may sell shares on a local or international
exchange to raise up to $1 billion for acquisitions.
India 's government replaced the flat
tax on exports of  iron ore  with one linked to the grade of the
mineral after some Chinese steelmakers boycotted purchases of
the commodity from the South Asian nation.
Reliant Energy Inc., the largest Texas
power retailer, posted its first profit in three quarters
because of a gain in the valuation of energy contracts.
Scania AB (SCVA)  Chief Executive Officer Leif Oestling is considering producing vehicles in  Russia  as  Sweden 's
second-largest maker of heavy trucks receives a surge of orders
from the world's second-largest oil producing country.
Fonterra Cooperative Group Ltd., the
world's biggest dairy exporter, increased the amount it pays
farmers who supply it with milk by 4.8 percent citing record
global prices.
Peruvian miners ended a five-day
national strike after accepting government proposals to raise
pensions and grant rights to subcontracted workers.
LionOre Mining International Ltd. (LIM)  said
a C$5.3 billion ($4.8 billion) takeover bid from Russia's OAO GMK
Norilsk Nickel is superior to an earlier offer the company
accepted from  Xstrata Plc.
Officials at Shougang Hierro  Peru  SAA,
Peru's only iron mining company, were poised to resume talks with
workers today to end an eight-day strike, a union official said.
The Chief Executive Officer of Zuercher
Kantonalbank,  Switzerland 's largest state-controlled regional
lender, will resign today, Tages-Anzeiger reported, citing
unidentified members of the bank's supervisory board.
Delphi Corp. , the world's largest auto
parts maker, said yesterday that it lost $533 million in the
first quarter, including a $355 million loss from operations.
The U.S. Army's $3.7 billion budget
request for its largest weapons program -- a family of armored
vehicles connected by drones and radio networks -- was cut about
23 percent today by the  House Armed Services Committee .
China 's foreign-currency B shares rose
to a record, completing the biggest three-day gain in more than
six years, as their discount to yuan-denominated A shares drew
local investors.
Shares of  Titanium Metals Corp. (TIE) , a
producer of metal used to make jet planes, rose the most in nine
months amid speculation the company may be a takeover target.
OAO TMK (TMKS) , the world's second-largest
producer of pipes for the oil and gas industry, is in talks to
merge with Ukraine's biggest pipe producer, Interpipe,
potentially creating a global industry leader.
NBC is moving `` Law & Order : Criminal
Intent,'' one of its three  New York  City-based police shows from
producer  Dick Wolf , to sister cable channel USA Network, and is
keeping the original ``Law & Order'' on NBC for an 18th season.
VTB Group (VTBR) , Russia's second-biggest
bank, will help fund the country's hunt for new sources of
uranium after forming a venture to mine and explore for the
nuclear fuel in  Namibia .
China 's stocks fell the most in a
month as investors judged gains this year to be excessive
relative to earnings growth potential.
OAO GMK Norilsk Nickel (GMKN) , bidding for
LionOre Mining International Ltd., said a rival offer from
Xstrata Plc included an ``unreasonably'' high breakup fee.
China's stocks rose, climbing the
most among markets included in global benchmarks and driving the
CSI 300 Index (SHSZ300)  to a record.
The shares of Dusa Pharmaceuticals
Inc. rose 72 percent after U.S. regulators gave special status
to the company's combination of light and drug therapy as a
potential treatment to block esophageal cancer.
Newmont Mining Corp. (NEM)  said workers at
its Peruvian unit Minera Yanacocha SRL, the world's largest gold
mine, threatened to strike after rejecting a wage offer.
Isuzu Motors Ltd. (7202) ,  Japan 's largest
maker of light-duty trucks, will spend 2.53 billion yen ($20
million) raising its stakes in two suppliers, as they seek to
raise production in line with its expansion plans.
Vector Hospitality Plc, a U.K. hotel
owner,  PIK Group (PIKK2) , a Russian apartment builder, and  Realia Business
SA (RLIA) , a Spanish developer, announced plans today to raise as much as
$8.8 billion in the three biggest initial public offerings by
European property companies.
ValueClick Inc. (VCLK)  may have several
potential suitors interested in acquiring the second-biggest
Internet advertising broker, including  Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) , according
to ThinkEquity Partners LLC.
Bodycote International Plc (BOY) , the U.K.
metal-treatment company that spurned a takeover offer from  Sulzer
AG (SUN)  last month, reiterated that first-quarter sales grew 22
percent, buoyed by purchases and demand from energy customers.
China  approved the creation of a new
insurer whose shareholders include the nation's largest oil
refiner, airline and aluminum producer.
A  Chevron Corp. (CVX)  unit that produces
about a quarter of Kazakhstan's oil will provide 7 billion cubic
meters of gas a year to the country's first ``world-scale''
petrochemical complex when it opens in 2011.
China  may need to import 46 percent
of its crude oil needs by 2010 as domestic demand surges,
according to an official from  China Petroleum & Chemical Corp. (600028)
Rising consumption will push imports to account for 60
percent of China's crude oil use in 2020, Qin Weizhong, deputy
director of development and planning at Sinopec, as the nation's
largest refiner is known, said in Shanghai today.
LionOre Mining International Ltd. (LIM)  said
a C$6.8 billion ($6.27 billion) takeover offer from  OAO GMK
Norilsk Nickel (GMKN)  was superior to a bid last week from  Xstrata (XTA)  Plc.
Tower Ltd. (TWR) , New Zealand's third-
biggest fund manager for individuals, said first-half
operating profit rose 44 percent on increased health
insurance income.
The Senate Armed Services Committee
for the second year in a row rejected a Defense Department
request to terminate a backup engine made by  General Electric
Co. (GE)  and  Rolls-Royce Group Plc (RR/)  for the  Lockheed Martin Corp. (LMT)
Joint Strike Fighter program, Senate aides said.
Switzerland 's banking regulator
searched the Zurich offices of  Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) ,  Europe 's largest
securities firm, and two local banks this week as part of a probe
into the sale of options to foreign investors.
OAO Magnit (MGNT) , Russia's second-largest
supermarket chain, said first-quarter profit gained 26 percent as
the company opened more stores and  consumer spending  increased.
Shares of  ITV Plc (ITV) , the U.K.'s biggest
commercial broadcaster, rose the most in more than six months
after a report said  British Sky Broadcasting Group Plc (BSY)  is in
talks to swap its 17.9 percent stake in ITV for a controlling
stake in Channel Five held by Bertelsmann AG's RTL Group.
Russian antitrust authorities cleared
the $3.9 billion bankruptcy sale of OAO Yukos Oil Co.'s Moscow
headquarters and trading houses to OOO Prana, a company with
undisclosed ownership that outbid state-run OAO Rosneft.
China's insurance market expanded 24
percent to 253.2 billion  yuan  ($33 billion) in premiums in the
first four months of 2007 from a year earlier, the regulator said.
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co.
abandoned its nine-month pursuit of Coles Group Ltd., Australia's
second-largest retailer, boosting the prospects  Wesfarmers Ltd. (WESDA) 's
A$19.7 billion ($16.1 billion) offer will succeed.
ZAO Promsvyazbank, a Russian lender
partly owned by Commerzbank AG, agreed a $125 million loan with a
group of three banks from the Middle East and Europe that it will
use to finance trade.
Suntech Power Holdings Co. (STP) , the
fourth-largest maker of solar-power cells, said first-quarter
profit rose 35 percent on surging demand for the renewable energy
source .
Demand for nickel in China, the
world's biggest consumer of the metal, may raise 62 percent by
the end of the decade because of rising demand from stainless
steelmakers, a government researcher said.
Saku Olletehase AS, Estonia's only
publicly traded beverage company, said its first-quarter loss more
than doubled as an increased dividend for majority owner Baltic
Beverages Holding AB and other investors led to a higher tax bill.
Bank of Ireland Plc , the nation's
biggest mortgage lender, said earnings growth will slow as
rising  interest rates  hurt demand for home loans.
Power producer  Calpine Corp.  said in
bankruptcy court yesterday that it still intends to file a plan
by June 20 when its exclusive right to propose a reorganization
will end.
The numbers looked compelling.
Donald L. Evans, former U.S. commerce
secretary, will be non-executive chairman of TXU Corp., the
largest Texas power producer, once the company's $32 billion sale
is completed.
Sniace SA (SNC) , a Spanish chemicals company
expanding into the energy industry, reaffirmed it will have three
bioethanol plants working in 2009.
Gym operator  Bally Total Fitness
Holding Corp.  announced yesterday that it will solicit votes on a
so-called prepackaged Chapter 11 reorganization negotiated with
holders of 80 percent of the $295 million in senior subordinated
9.875 percent notes due in October.
Imperial Energy Plc, a British company
with oil assets in Siberia, said Russian authorities won't revoke
its oil-exploration licenses because the company met their terms.
U.S. book sales will increase less
than 4 percent annually during each of the next five years as
the publishing industry competes with the Internet and other
media, a study found.
Antonio Amorim is putting a new cork
in wine bottles to keep his company's  profits  from spoiling.
Fox Television Stations Inc. won a
court challenge to a U.S. Federal Communications Commission rule
that expanded federal broadcast indecency policy by targeting
``fleeting expletives'' on live shows.
Mexico's  Supreme Court  took
preliminary votes to curb rights broadcasters had gained under a
2006 law, saying it gave the two largest companies,  Grupo
Televisa SA (TLEVICPO)  and TV Azteca SA, unfair advantages.
Rupert Murdoch  held ``constructive''
talks today with Dow Jones & Co.'s controlling Bancroft family
over his proposal to purchase the company for $5 billion.
Shares of Yangzijiang Shipbuilding
(Holdings) Ltd.,  China 's second-largest private shipbuilder, rose
to a record after UBS AG initiated coverage of the company with a
``buy'' rating, citing a boom in the industry.
Virgin Media Inc. (VMED) , the U.K.'s second-biggest pay-television operator, said it probably won't add any
new TV customers in the second quarter after saying last month
that it would lose TV subscribers.
International Investment Group KSCC,
a Kuwait-based financial company, expanded its first sale of
convertible Islamic bonds by a third after receiving bids for
almost seven times the value of securities on offer.
Thailand 's billionaire former Prime
Minister  Thaksin Shinawatra  and his family had some of their
assets frozen by the junta-installed Assets Examination
Committee today, pending conclusion of probes into dealings.
News Corp. (NWSA) 's Fox News cable-television channel began offering a month of free audio service
on mobile phones for some  RadioShack Corp. (RSH)  customers.
Shares of  U.S. Steel Corp. (X) , the
largest U.S.-based steelmaker, fell after  ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA)  denied
a report it was in talks to buy the company.
Shares of  ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) ,  Germany 's
largest steelmaker, climbed, as the country's DAX Index rose 1.5
percent.
Northrop Grumman Corp. (NOC) , the world's
largest warship builder, and  SAIC Inc. (SAI)  plan to breakup their
naval and aviation engineering joint venture Amsec LLC along
customer and product lines.
Absa Group Ltd. (ASA) , South Africa's
biggest consumer bank, expects an increase in bad loans after
the central bank raised interest rates earlier this month, Chief
Executive Officer Steve Booysen said.
Furniture Brands International Inc.,
the maker of Broyhill and Thomasville, said Ralph Scozzafava
will become its next chief executive officer, replacing W.G.
OAO Slavneft, jointly owned by OAO
Gazprom's oil arm and  BP Plc (BP/) 's Russian venture, will auction a
52 percent stake in the Yaroslavl Mendeleev oil refinery after
boosting capacity at its other refinery.
OAO GMK Norilsk Nickel (GMKN) , the world's
biggest producer of nickel and palladium, extended its $6.41
billion takeover offer for LionOre Mining International Ltd.
ECI Telecom Ltd., an Israeli maker of
telecommunications equipment, said a group led by Swarth
Investments may offer to buy the company for about $1.2 billion.
OAO GMK Norilsk Nickel (GMKN) , the world's
biggest producer of nickel and palladium, said competitor  Xstrata
Plc (XTA)  is ``unlikely'' to trump its C$6.8 billion bid ($6.4 billion)
for Canada's LionOre Mining International Ltd.
Norilsk, based in Moscow, expects to get the final antitrust
approval from South Africa by June 28 and to complete the
transaction then, Chief Executive Officer Denis Morozov said
today in an interview in Moscow.
OAO Magnit (MGNT) ,  Russia 's second-largest
supermarket chain, said revenue climbed 48 percent in May after
the company opened 25 more stores.
MAN AG Chief Executive Officer Hakan Samuelsson said the second quarter is ``going very well'' as
``dynamic growth'' in eastern  Europe  and the  Middle East  helps
sales at Europe's third-largest truckmaker.
Arcelor Mittal (MT) , the world's biggest
steelmaker, plans to produce about 80 percent of the iron ore it
uses within the next decade to protect itself against price
increases from the three companies that dominate the market.
South Korea's government offered to
sell 5 percent of  Woori Finance Holdings Co. (053000)  for as much as $988
million, trimming its stake in the nation's third-largest
financial firm to recoup funds used in an industry bailout.
America's Cup challenger Team New Zealand cadged everything from timber to electrical fittings to build its training base in  Valencia ,  Spain .
Pearson Plc (PSON)  and  General Electric Co. (GE)
abandoned a possible bid for Dow Jones & Co., increasing  Rupert Murdoch 's chance of succeeding with his $5 billion offer for the
publisher of the Wall Street Journal.
Russian stocks fell by the biggest
percentage this month, dragging the  Micex Index (INDEXCF)  down from a
seven-week high, on renewed concern that global interest rates
will rise.
Hudong Heavy Machinery Co. (600150)  received
approval to sell 12 billion yuan ($1.6 billion) of stock to fund
the acquisition of  China 's biggest shipyard from its parent.
UAL Corp.'s  United Airlines  said
``human error'' triggered the computer failure that forced the
world's second-biggest carrier to stop all takeoffs around the
globe for more than two hours yesterday.
Renzo Capra, the chairman of  Italy 's
ASM SpA, the Brescia utility, is in talks with  Russia 's OAO
Gazprom (GAZP)  to buy natural gas, as consumption of the fuel rises on
power-plant demand.
Carlsberg A/S (CARLB) 's new chief executive
officer will pursue ``conservative'' expansion plans after Nils Smedegaard Andersen leaves, the company's chairman said today,
cooling speculation of a merger with Scottish & Newcastle Plc.
OAO Gazprom Chairman  Dmitry Medvedev
will hold a meeting in the Kremlin today with executives from  BP
Plc (BP/) , whose license to a Siberian field with more natural gas
than Canada is being threatened by the government.
OAO Gazprom (GAZP) , the world's biggest
natural-gas producer, and  Eni SpA (ENI)  may build a pipeline from
Russia  to the European Union, bypassing neighbors that have
threatened to block supplies on existing routes.
Former Thai Prime Minister  Thaksin Shinawatra  won't return to face charges until after elections
later this year, because he's concerned about his safety and
doesn't think he'll receive a fair trial, his lawyer said.
Adelphia Communications Corp. founder
John Rigas and his son Timothy were ordered to report to prison
by Aug. 13 to begin sentences for looting their cable-TV company.
The Financial Services Authority ,
the U.K.'s markets regulator, is considering publishing reports
on commodity trading similar to those released by the U.S.
Commodity Futures Trading Commission, in an attempt to improve
transparency.
OAO Gazprom (GAZP) , Russia's natural-gas
export monopoly, plans to increase its electricity business in
five European countries, including France and Ireland.
Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corp., the U.S.
steelmaker that has agreed to merge with Esmark Inc., said it
will have a second-quarter loss because of weaker demand,
unplanned outages at steel plants and higher scrap metal costs.
Fourteen makers of generic drugs,
including  Teva Pharamecutical Industries (TEVA)  Ltd. and  Mylan
Laboratories (MYL)  Inc.,  won U.S. approval to copy  Novartis (NOVN)  AG's
Lamisil tablets, a nail-fungus treatment, setting the stage for
lower prices.
Catalyst Capital Group Inc., owner of
about $67 million of  Imax Corp. (IMX)  debt, issued a third ``notice of
defaults'' to the maker of giant-sized movie screens after it
missed another deadline to file financial reports.
OAO Mechel (MTLR) , a Russian steelmaker,
doesn't plan to participate in the industry's mergers and
acquisitions and will focus on improving margins, said Vladimir Polin, chief of its management company.
British postal workers will extend a
series of strikes against  Royal Mail  Group Plc, the U.K.'s state-owned postal service, with two walkouts next week in a dispute
over pay and job cuts.
An interstate network of transmission
lines connecting the planned Prairie State power plant in
southern  Illinois  to the electricity grid was approved by the
Illinois Commerce Commission.
London's  Westminster Council
threatened to slap penalties on  Associated Newspapers Ltd. (DMGT)  and
News Corp. (NWSA) , saying the publishers' free newspapers are creating
``a mountain'' of garbage in the  West End .
China Petroleum & Chemical Corp. (600028)
forecast a 2.4 percent gain in crude oil production next year as
the company strains to meet energy demand in the world's fastest-
growing major economy.
Thailand 's  consumer confidence  declined
in June to the lowest level in five years on concern baht gains and
higher fuel costs will curtail economic growth.
Wesfarmers Ltd. (WESDA)  is seeking A$10
billion ($8.6 billion) of loans to fund its takeover of Coles
Group Ltd., the largest borrowing by an Australia-based company.
The Financial Services Authority, the
U.K.'s market regulator, named  Hector Sants  as its new chief
executive officer.
Total SA (FP) , Europe's third-largest oil
company, said it will be able to book 25 percent of reserves at
an Arctic natural-gas field it plans to develop with Russian gas
company OAO Gazprom.
Mission West Properties Inc. (MSW) , a real
estate investment trust with properties in California's Silicon
Valley, said it's in talks with a private equity fund about
being acquired for $13.55 a share in cash, or about $1.8
billion.
Bolivia's state-owned company YPFB is
in talks with Venezuela's  Petroleos de Venezuela  and  Russia 's OAO
Gazprom (GSPBEX)  as it courts investment from other state-run companies to
develop its gas reserves.
Jefferies Group Inc., the New York-
based brokerage that specializes in mid-sized company stocks,
said second-quarter profit rose 49 percent to a record on surging
revenue from  investment banking .
Coca-Cola Co. (KO) , the world's largest
soft-drink maker, and its Mexican bottler received antitrust
approval to buy a juice producer for $380 million with
conditions to encourage competition.
Russian stocks declined for a second
day, led by shares of oil producers OAO Rosneft, OAO Lukoil and
OAO Surgutneftegaz.
Light-emitting diodes started as the
little red indicators on clock radios and are backlights in most
cell phones.
DCC Plc (DCC) , an Irish distributor of
goods from liquefied petroleum gas to computer software, raised
its operating profit forecast after a ``satisfactory'' first
quarter and announced the acquisition of a U.K. oil distributor.
Telefonos de Mexico SA , the country's
biggest fixed-line telephone company, said second-quarter profit
rose 16 percent after it was reimbursed for taxes paid on a
profit-sharing program.
Telefonos de Mexico SA , the country's
biggest fixed-line telephone company, will spend less on stock
buybacks and dividends, leaving more cash for acquisitions, Chief
Financial Officer Adolfo Cerezo said.
Arcelor Mittal (MT) , the world's biggest
steelmaker, asked the U.S. government for a two-week extension
of the deadline to sell its Sparrows Point steel mill, after
failing to conclude talks with a buyer.
Starbucks Corp. (SBUX) , the world's biggest
coffee-shop chain, has postponed its plan to enter  India , the
world's second-most populous nation.
Cia.
AstraZeneca Plc (AZN)  lost a court ruling
that opens the door to generic competition for its blood-
pressure treatment Toprol-XL.
Alesco Corp. (ALS) , an Australian building
materials and home products maker, agreed to buy Total Eden
Holdings Pty.
Grupo Televisa SA (TLEVICPO) , the world's
largest Spanish-language broadcaster, said second-quarter profit
fell 12 percent as advertising slumped.
Grupo Televisa SA (TLEVICPO)  's satellite unit
expects to add 100,000 customers in Central America after entering
the region with service to  Costa Rica  last week.
Exelon Corp. (EXC) , the biggest U.S.
utility owner, said it will pay $800 million of a $1 billion
electricity rate settlement announced yesterday by Illinois
officials.
A U.S. House committee that controls
defense spending  cut money President George W. Bush requested to
start building missile defense sites next year in Poland and the
Czech Republic.
PPR SA (PP) , the owner of Gucci Group,
said second-quarter revenue climbed 18 percent on the
acquisition of the Puma AG sports-clothing brand and sales of
$7,800 Bottega Veneta handbags.
Sprint Nextel Corp. (S) , the third-biggest U.S. mobile-phone company, said it will add Google Inc.
search and mapping services to a planned high-speed wireless
network.
Cia.
Fyffes Plc (FFY) , the Irish tropical-fruit
distributor that received its first banana shipment in 1888, won
its appeal against the verdict in an  insider-trading  case
involving distributor  DCC Plc.
Telekomunikacja Polska SA, Poland's
largest phone company, had a 9 percent drop in second-quarter
profit and cut its full-year sales forecast after it lowered
prices and lost clients to competitors.
Russian stocks climbed for the first
time in four days, led by OAO Severstal after Citigroup Inc.
boosted its price estimate for the shares.
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (TEVA) ,
the world's biggest maker of generic drugs, reported the slowest
profit growth in five quarters as the company lost exclusive
rights to make copies of two cholesterol treatments.
Absa Group Ltd. (ASA) , a unit of  Barclays
Plc (BARC) , said first-half earnings rose 27 percent as it won customers
and demand for loans increased.
Invensys Plc (ISYS) , the maker of controls
that help run refineries and Whirlpool washing machines, reported
first-quarter profit below analyst estimates after spending more
on marketing and hiring.
Pursuit Dynamics Plc, a U.K. developer
of a mist spray used in fire extinguishing systems, said  Tyco
International Ltd. (TYC)  is preparing to use the technology in its
products, sending Pursuit stock to its biggest gain in almost
eight months.
Reliant Energy Inc., the largest
Texas  electricity retailer, posted its 14th quarterly loss in
less than five years because energy contracts dropped in value
and cool weather cut power demand.
Watson Pharmaceuticals Inc. (WPI) , the
second-biggest U.S. maker of generic medicines, reported a
second-quarter profit and said its retiring chief executive
officer will be succeeded by a manager from a rival company.
Deloitte & Touche LLP, once the
auditor of Adelphia Communications Corp., agreed to pay $167.5
million to creditors of the defunct company to settle a
malpractice lawsuit.
Iliad SA (ILD) ,  France 's third-largest
provider of broadband  Internet access  to consumers, said second-quarter sales rose 31 percent as it added subscribers for its
fast Web service.
Washington Post Co. (WPO) , publisher of the
namesake newspaper, said second-quarter profit fell 13 percent as
publishing revenue declined.
Maanshan Iron & Steel (600808)  Co., one of
China 's biggest producers of construction steel, led a gain in
the nation's steel stocks, advancing by the 10 percent daily
limit on speculation higher prices will boost profit.
Shares of Onyx Pharmaceuticals Inc.
rose 8 percent after the company's German partner, Bayer AG,
reported a surge in sales of the kidney-cancer drug Nexavar.
OAO Magnit (MGNT) ,  Russia 's second-largest
food retailer, said that it's not in talks with smaller chain
OAO Dixy Group (DIXY)  about a possible takeover, though it remains keen
to make acquisitions.
Puma AG, the German sporting-goods
company controlled by  France 's PPR SA, said second-quarter
profit fell 9.8 percent on slumping U.S. demand for sneakers.
Suntech Power Holdings Co. (STP) , the
world's fourth-largest maker of solar-power cells, said second-quarter profit rose 56 percent on stronger demand for the
renewable energy source.
July  sales  at  Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT)
and J.C. Penney Co. exceeded analysts' estimates while those at
apparel retailers such as  Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)  fell as
customers limited clothing purchases.
Ambac Financial Group Inc. (ABKFQ) , the
world's second-largest bond insurer, said it guaranteed
collateralized debt obligations worth about $71.1 billion.
The Bank of  Japan  added 1 trillion
yen ($8.5 billion) to the financial system and the  Reserve Bank
of  Australia  lent the most in more than three years, joining U.S.
and European central banks in responding to a credit crunch.
Shares of Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corp.,
the U.S. steelmaker merging with Esmark Inc., fell the most in
almost two years after auditors expressed concerns about the
company's ability to continue operations.
Bank of Communications Ltd. , part
owned by  HSBC Holdings Plc (5) , will become the latest mainland
company to join  Hong Kong 's Hang Seng Index, HSI Services Ltd.
said.
Domtar Corp. (UFS) , North America's
largest producer of office paper, said second-quarter profit
fell 78 percent from the previous quarter as losses from lumber
and wood products widened.
Washington Post Co. (WPO) 's Kaplan
education division agreed to buy two schools to expand its
business in  Australia .
Grafton Group (GN5) , Ireland's biggest
builders' merchant, said full-year profit may rise by as much as
12 percent, underpinned by growth in the U.K.
Sinopec Yizheng Chemical Fibre Co. (1033) , a
unit of  Asia 's largest refiner, gained the most in almost nine
years in  Hong Kong  trading as some investors speculated the
parent company will offer to buy the stock it doesn't already own.
Sky Network Television Ltd.,  New
Zealand 's largest pay-TV company, said full-year profit rose 23
percent because of an increase in subscribers and advertising
sales after it added channels.
Wesfarmers Ltd. (WESDA) ,  Australia 's biggest
hardware retailer, plans to spend A$5 billion ($4 billion)
reviving sales growth at Coles Group Ltd. should its record
takeover of the supermarket chain succeed.
OAO Aeroflot, eastern  Europe 's
largest airline, expects to pay a maximum $5.8 billion to buy 44
airliners from Airbus SAS and Boeing Co., a discount of at least
17 percent.
Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corp., the U.S.
steelmaker merging with Esmark Inc., said it agreed with its
banks on a new $350 million credit facility that will help the
company avoid a liquidity crisis amid widening losses.
Hyundai Heavy Industries Co. (009540)  and
other shipbuilders in  Asia  fell for the seventh consecutive
trading day as concern about mortgage losses in the U.S. prompted
investors to sell stocks that have risen the most.
Renova Group, the investment company
controlled by Russian billionaire  Viktor Vekselberg , said it
bought the 50 percent of Everest Beteiligungs GmbH it didn't
already own and with it has become the sole holder of 31.4
percent in  Sulzer AG.
Research In Motion Ltd. (RIM)  rose to a
record after Goldman, Sachs & Co. boosted its subscriber
estimates for the BlackBerry e-mail device and said the stock
price didn't reflect the company's growth potential.
Saks Inc. (SKS)  posted a smaller loss than
analysts estimated as a focus on selling luxury goods and
shedding mid-price stores showed signs of paying off.
ReneSola Ltd. , the world's largest
recycler of scrap wafers used in solar panels, posted its biggest
decline in London trading after the company said output in 2007
may be as much as 20 percent lower than forecast.
Baosteel Group Corp.,  China 's
biggest steelmaker, expects to start production at a new mill in
Brazil  by 2011 to help meet growing demand in the Asian country.
Georgia Gulf Corp. (GGC) , the largest North
American producer of vinyl construction products, will close a
factory that makes plastic window frames and doors to cut costs
amid weak demand from U.S. homebuilders.
Gazit-Globe Ltd. (GLOB) , an Israeli
developer of commercial property in  Canada , Europe and the U.S.,
said a unit agreed to invest about $110 million in Hiref
International LLC, an Indian real-estate fund.
Benelux stocks including InBev NV,
the world's biggest brewer, gained.
When carpart maker Dana Corp. won
approval at the end of July to sell $750 million in convertible
preferred stock as part of the financing for a reorganization
plan, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in New York laid out a formal
procedure to be followed by anyone intending to make a better
offer than the proposal from Centerbridge Capital Partners LP
to purchase $250 million of the new equity.
Deephaven Capital Management LLC, the
hedge-fund unit of stock trader Knight Capital Group Inc., may
refund performance fees if it posts a loss for the final six
months of this year.
Triad Guaranty Inc. (TGIC) , the Winston-Salem,
North Carolina-based mortgage insurer, borrowed $80 million from a
credit line  to preempt any cash shortages amid rising defaults on
U.S. home loans.
The Russian government, which
controls fixed-line phone monopoly OAO Svyazinvest, blocked a new
company charter that would have expanded the rights of minority
shareholder AFK Sistema.
OAO Unified Energy System,  Russia 's
national utility, plans to list as many as three power companies
in London this year as it seeks to raise more than $20 billion
from total share sales in 2007.
U.S. Senate Banking Committee
Chairman Christopher Dodd said he'll call credit-rating companies
to Capitol Hill this fall to explain why they gave high ratings
to subprime-mortgage securities that have plummeted in value.
Russian stocks climbed for a second
day along with global stock markets before an announcement by
President  George W. Bush  that may allow U.S. subprime borrowers to
keep their homes.
Carlsberg A/S (CARLA) , the largest Nordic
brewer, named Joergen Buhl Rasmussen as chief executive officer
to succeed Nils Smedegaard Andersen, selecting the head of the
company's fastest-growing business for the top job.
The benchmark price of iron ore, a
steelmaking ingredient, may rise next year because of surging
demand in China, making it the sixth straight annual increase,
according to  NMDC Ltd. (NMDC) ,  India 's biggest miner of the ore.
Prices will rise at least 9.5 percent, matching last year's
gain, Chairman B. Ramesh Kumar said yesterday in an interview in
Hyderabad.
OAO GMK  Norilsk Nickel , the world's
largest producer of the metal, has raised $6 billion in loans to
acquire Canada's LionOre Mining International Ltd.
BNP Paribas and  Societe Generale SA (GLE) , who arranged the
transaction, syndicated the loan to 24 other banks, according to
an e-mailed statement from Norilsk today.
TA Associates , the private-equity
firm with stakes in a dozen investment companies, bought a
minority position in Arnhold and S. Bleichroeder Holdings Inc.,
manager of First Eagle mutual funds.
OAO Gazprom, Russia's state-run
natural-gas exporter, may buy gas from the Sakhalin-1 project to
sell domestically, said Victor Timoshilov, eastern projects
coordinator for the company.
New Zealand Oil & Gas Ltd. (NZO) , the
nation's biggest publicly traded explorer, said the Taranui-1
well off the country's Taranaki coast contained only minor oil
shows and will be plugged and abandoned.
Svenska Cellulosa AB (SCAB) ,  Europe 's
biggest tissue maker, won European Union approval to buy Procter
& Gamble's European tissue business.
U.S.  retail sales  in August may
have climbed as much as 2.5 percent from a year earlier as
back-to-school shoppers hunted for discounts on clothes.
SAIC Inc., the defense contractor
that first sold shares to the public in October, promoted
Lawrence B.
Etam Developpement SA (CS) ,  France 's
largest publicly traded maker of women's lingerie, tumbled the
most in three years in Paris trading after it said profit in
China dropped in the first half.
Russian stocks dropped, led by OAO
Sberbank after a report showed the U.S. unexpectedly lost jobs in
August, deepening concern the world's biggest economy may stall
in the second half.
Knight Capital Group Inc.'s hedge
fund unit is performing ``reasonably well'' and investors
overreacted to a regulatory filing last month disclosing that
some of its management fees may be refunded to clients, Chief
Executive Officer Thomas Joyce said.
Chrysler LLC, seeking to expand
sales outside the U.S., may develop a factory in Russia with
Canadian auto-parts maker  Magna International Inc. (MG) , which
recently partnered with billionaire investor  Oleg Deripaska .
OAO Polyus Gold, which mines a
fifth of Russia's gold, raised its reserves estimate by 35
percent after the Natalka field was confirmed as the world's
third-largest deposit of the precious metal.
Smart Online Inc. (SOLN) 's chief executive
officer, his brother and four brokers were arrested and charged
by federal authorities in  New York  with a kickback scheme to
manipulate the price of the software company's stock.
Antisoma Plc (ASM) , the U.K. company
developing cancer drugs with  Novartis (NOVN)  AG, won a $75 million
payment from its Swiss partner for the development of a drug to
treat  lung cancer .
News Corp. (NWSA) 's HarperCollins said it
acquired the North American rights to ``Bright Shiny Morning,''
a novel by author James Frey, who admitted his best-selling
memoir was partly fabricated.
Fox Business Network, scheduled to
begin broadcasting next month, named five Fox News Channel
reporters as anchors of the new financial channel.
Virgin America  Inc., the low-cost
airline partly owned by U.K. billionaire  Richard Branson , wants
the U.S. to let its chief executive officer stay three months
longer so the company has time to replace him.
BHP Billiton Ltd. (BHP) , the world's
biggest mining company, said there's strong demand for iron ore
as mining companies and steelmakers prepare for annual price
negotiations later this year.
OAO GMK Norilsk Nickel (GMKN) , the world's
largest nickel and palladium producer, ``distorted'' figures on
the amount of waste it dumped into rivers at its main Russian
site and may be fined, the Natural Resources Ministry said.
Russian shares advanced, led by OAO
Gazprom and OAO Lukoil, as crude traded near a record high.
Coca-Cola Co. (KO) , the world's largest
soda maker, will begin selling an energy drink under its  Odwalla
juice line to capture more sales in the faster-growing market.
Murphy Oil Corp. (MUR) , the operator of
filling stations outside about 1,000 Wal-Mart stores, is in
discussions with regulators about which permits may be needed for
the possible expansion of its refinery in Superior,  Wisconsin .
SAIC Inc. (SAI) , the defense company that
first sold shares to the public in October, said  NASA  exercised
an option valued at $205.9 million on a 2004 contract to provide
the space agency with information-technology services.
Russian stocks gained for the first
time in three days, led by OAO Gazprom Neft, OAO Unified Energy
System and OAO Lukoil.
MBIA Inc. (MBI)  and  Ambac Financial Group
Inc. (ABKFQ)  rose after Calyon Securities recommended investors buy
shares of bond insurers because they are ``extremely cheap'' and
potential losses from subprime mortgages are ``manageable.''
E.ON AG and  RWE AG (RWE) ,  Germany 's two
biggest power producers, said a European Union proposal to curb
utilities' control over the region's energy grids would weaken
their market position and provide no boost to competition.
At the core of what athletes do, of
why we watch and cheer and admire, is the notion of a just
outcome.
Estonia  rejected a request by an
OAO Gazprom-backed pipeline project to survey the seabed off its
coast, threatening to delay plans to ship Russian gas directly
to Germany.
Qatar lined up 9.6 billion pounds
($19 billion) of loans from three European banks to pay for its
proposed takeover of  J Sainsbury Plc (SBRY) , the U.K.'s third-biggest
supermarket chain.
SL Green Realty Corp. (SLG) ,  Manhattan 's
biggest office landlord, said the commercial leasing market has
held up in the credit crunch and it sees the potential to buy
assets in the next several months.
ZAO IFD Kapital, owned by  OAO Lukoil (LKOH)
executives Vagit Alekperov and  Leonid Fedun , gained antitrust
approval to bid for shares in OAO TGK-8, the Rostov-based power
generator.
Air Canada (AC/B)  customers can now get an
electronic boarding pass sent to their mobile phones,
eliminating the need for a paper printout to show gate agents
and security personnel.
Abengoa SA (ABG/P) ,  Europe 's largest producer
of ethanol, closed a plant in  Spain  because of the rising cost of
raw materials and weak demand.
SAIC Inc. (SAI) , the defense company that
first sold shares to the public in October, won a contract with
a potential value of more than $459 million from the Space and
Naval Warfare Systems Center in Charleston, South Carolina.
Fonterra Cooperative Group Ltd., the
world's biggest dairy exporter, plans to increase sales of fresh
milk and yogurt in  Australia  in a strategy to ``significantly''
increase earnings there in the next three years.
Lockheed Martin Corp. (LMT) , the largest
supplier of computer services to the U.S. government, and  SAIC
Inc. (SAI)  each won part of a $4 billion award from the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services to help the agency modernize.
Dresdner Kleinwort,  Allianz AG (ALV) 's
banking unit, fired both Germans and non-Germans in an internal
merger motivated by money, not race, Dresdner's lawyer told a
London  employment panel hearing a discrimination case today.
Cia.
Air Canada (AC/B) , the country's largest
carrier, expects a ``very good winter'' for sun holiday bookings
if the Canadian dollar remains strong, Chief Executive Officer
Montie Brewer said.
Turkey 's government will invite bids
for state-owned cigarette-maker Tekel next month, in a third
attempt to sell the company, Finance Minister Kemal Unakitan said.
Cia.
Australian Renewable Fuels Ltd. (ARW) ,
producer of biodiesel at two plants, hired Macquarie Bank Ltd.
to advise on business development and financing after a drop of
more than 70 percent in its share price in the past 12 months.
Saudi Electricity Co. (SECO) , the Gulf
kingdom's biggest power producer, will seek project-finance
loans next year to help pay for more than $5.5 billion it is
spending on so-called independent power plants, or IPPs.
Cia.
Generic drugs, priced 30 to 80 percent
less than their brand-name counterparts, may get faster reviews
under new policies designed to handle hundreds of backlogged
applications, U.S. regulators said.
Russia , preparing to sell the rights
to its largest untapped gold field, increased the estimated size
of the Sukhoi Log deposit and said it may generate $30 billion in
revenue for the developer.
Wet Seal Inc. (WTSLA) , the apparel chain for
teenage girls, fell the most in more than three years in U.S.
trading after lowering its third-quarter earnings forecast and
reporting an unexpected drop in September sales.
Cambridge Heart Inc. (CAMH) , the developer
of tests for cardiac disease, said revenue this year will miss
the company's earlier forecast because a sales collaboration
with  St. Jude Medical Inc. (STJ)  got off to a slow start.
Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver &
Jacobson, the  New York  law firm that represents Merrill Lynch &
Co. and Dow Jones & Co., opened a Shanghai office, its second in
China , to serve corporate clients expanding in the region.
OAO Gazprom (GAZP) , supplier of a quarter of
Europe's gas, and  Ukraine  agreed to avert a threatened supply cut
over an outstanding gas debt, amid a visit by Ukraine's pro-Russia prime minister to Moscow.
News Corp. (NWSA) 's Fox Business Network
named former Hewlett-Packard Co. Chief Executive Officer  Carly Fiorina  as a contributor to the channel.
Aber Diamond Corp., owner of retail
jeweler  Harry Winston , rose the most in about 15 months on the
Toronto Stock Exchange after a wire service reported the company
may increase its stake in a Canadian diamond mine.
Investor AB (INVEB) , the Swedish Wallenberg
family's holding company, said the value of its assets fell 4.4
percent in the third quarter after the turmoil in financial
markets weighed on investments including Ericsson AB.
Russian billionaire  Dmitry Rybolovlev  raised $948 million by selling 12.75 percent of
potash maker  OAO Uralkali (URKA)  as investor demand spurred him to
increase the size of the offering.
Cia.
Iron-ore  prices charged to
steelmakers will have to rise in response to surging demand in
the spot market,  Cia.
OAO Magnitogorsk Iron & Steel (MAGN) ,
Russia 's third-largest steelmaker, lifted the capacity of a
project in  Turkey  by 27 percent and increased its cost to $1.7
billion to take advantage of growing demand.
Research In Motion Ltd. (RIMM) , maker of
the BlackBerry e-mail phone, will see a rush of holiday sales
this season as consumer purchases accelerate, Co-Chief Executive
Officer James Balsillie said.
Limited Brands Inc. (LTD) , the owner of
the Victoria's Secret lingerie chain, forecast long-term same-store sales growth of 3 percent to 5 percent.
Toronto's  Pearson International
Airport , the most expensive place in the world to land, will
reduce some fees starting Jan. 1, easing costs for airlines
including  Air Canada (AC/A)  and  WestJet Airlines Ltd. (WJA)
Landing fees at  Canada 's busiest airport will be cut 3.1
percent, while terminal charges will fall 4.7 percent, the
Greater Toronto Airports Authority  said today in a  statement .
OAO Polyus Gold,  Russia 's biggest
producer of the metal, ousted Chief Executive Officer Pavel Skitovich after five months on the job during which the company
slid to a loss, its shares stagnated and production fell.
Saks Inc. (SKS)  rose the most in almost a
month in  New York  trading after a Citigroup Inc. analyst said
the luxury retailer might be taken over by a buyout firm.
Oct. 17 (Bloomberg) --  China Construction Bank Corp. (939) , the
nation's second largest, said it will focus on acquiring
commercial banks, dismissing speculation of a possible bid for a
stake in Bear Stearns Cos.
Knight Capital Group Inc., the No.
PMI Group Inc., the second-largest
U.S. mortgage insurer, fell the most in 12 years in New York
trading, after saying it will have a surprise third-quarter  loss
as borrower defaults ``significantly worsened'' in September.
Cia.
Grupo Modelo SAB (GMODELOC) , Mexico's largest
brewer, plans to reduce the number of Extra convenience stores
it runs to about 1,400 this year from 2,043 at the end of 2006
to boost profit at its retail unit.
Total SA (FP)  and OAO Novatek, Russia's
largest independent natural-gas producer, agreed today to seek
joint projects in Russia and overseas.
Pharming NV, (PHARM)  the Dutch biotechnology
company studying treatments made from the milk of genetically
modified rabbits, raised 70 million euros ($99.9 million) in a
convertible  bond issue .
Pharming NV, (PHARM)  the Dutch biotechnology
company studying treatments made from the milk of genetically
modified rabbits, said its third-quarter  loss  widened as
research and development costs exceeded revenue.
M.video (MVID) , Russia's second-biggest
electronics retailer, plans to sell shares worth as much as $420
million in an initial public offering to fund expansion.
Hong Kong's stocks fell, pushing
the  Hang Seng Index (HSI)  to its biggest drop in more than two weeks,
after the Group of Seven finance ministers and central bankers
said the credit-market rout will slow economic growth.
U.K. union leaders urged  Royal Mail
Group Plc employees to support a proposed contract that includes
pension changes and a 6.9 percent pay increase.
Bank of Communications  Ltd., the
nation's fourth largest by market value, posted a record gain in
Hong Kong trading on optimism that  HSBC Holdings Plc (HSBA)  will raise
its stake in the company.
Nidec Corp. (6594) , the world's biggest
maker of motors for hard-disk drives, rose the most in three
months in Osaka trading after five of its subsidiaries beat their
first-half profit forecasts.
Telekomunikacja Polska SA, Poland's
biggest phone company, said third-quarter profit fell 3 percent,
less than analysts estimated, after mobile-phone revenue gained.
OAO Gazprom (GAZP)  and Brisa-Auto Estradas
de Portugal SA will bid for two highway-management contracts in
Russia  valued at 2 billion euros ($2.9 billion) as the eastern
European country works to upgrade its road network.
Cia.
Chongqing Changan Automobile Co. (000625) , the
Chinese partner of  Ford Motor Co. (F)  and Mazda Motor Corp., said
third-quarter profit fell 12 percent after higher taxes masked
gains from increasing sales of Focus compact cars.
M.video (MVID) , Russia's second-biggest
electronics retailer, sold $365 million of shares in an initial
public offering to fund openings of new stores as sales growth
outstrips capacity.
Central European Media Enterprises
Ltd. (CETV) , which operates television stations in eastern  Europe ,
posted a third-quarter loss as the depreciation of the dollar
made its euro-denominated  debt  more expensive.
MetroPCS Communications Inc. (PCS) , the
largest pay-as-you-go mobile-phone service in the U.S., scrapped
its offer to buy  Leap Wireless International Inc. (LEAP)  for more than
$4 billion, saying it wasn't able to have ``meaningful'' talks.
Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA)  may book half the
oil reserves from its project in central Russia to develop heavy
crude deposits with regional oil company OAO Tatneft.
China Petroleum & Chemical Corp. (600028) , the
nation's biggest oil refiner, jumped the most in two weeks in
Hong Kong trading after the Chinese government unexpectedly
raised fuel prices by as much as 10 percent.
Deutsche Lufthansa AG (LHA) , Germany's
biggest airline, criticized a Russian request that the company
move a cargo hub to central Siberia from  Kazakhstan  as part of a
broader disagreement that involves overflight rights.
OAO Comstar United Telesystems,
Russian billionaire  Vladimir Yevtushenkov 's telecommunications
company, said its third-quarter financial results will be hurt
by a non-cash charge of $196 million.
Wall Street needs to make trading in
asset-backed securities more transparent before rules to do so
are forced upon it, former Securities and Exchange Commission
Chairman Arthur Levitt said.
Gramercy Capital Corp. agreed to buy
Lewis Ranieri's office leasing company, American Financial
Realty Trust, for about $1.1 billion to become the top U.S.
landlord to banks and brokerages.
Stillwater Mining Co. (SWC) , the only U.S.
producer of platinum and palladium, reported a third-quarter
loss after labor unrest eroded the benefits of higher metal
prices.
Grafton Group Plc (GFTU) , Ireland's biggest
builders' merchant, fell the most in more than a month on concern
that property markets are cooling in Ireland and the U.K.
Shares of Grafton, which is expanding in the U.K. to avoid
over-reliance on its home market, fell 4.5 percent to 7.21
euros in Dublin, giving the company a market value of 1.7
billion euros ($2.47 billion).
Liberty International Plc , owner of
MetroCentre and other U.K. malls, said the value of these
properties fell in the third quarter as higher borrowing costs
and stricter credit controls hurt the commercial property
market.
Peru 's national mining strike will
spread as more workers walk off the job during the second day of
protests for more pay and benefits, a union spokesman said.
Peru 's government will declare a two-
day national mining strike illegal today, forcing miners to
return to work or lose their jobs, Labor Minister Susana Pinilla
said.
MAN AG, the German truckmaker that
tried and failed to buy  Scania AB (SCVB) , named a representative to the
panel that selects the board of directors of the Swedish rival,
in a move that Scania said conflicts with local compliance rules.
Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili
accused  Russia  of attempting to destabilize the country as anti-government protests in the capital Tbilisi turned violent.
Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corp., the U.S.
steelmaker merging with Esmark Inc., said it is investigating
``believed substantial natural gas deposits'' on company
property.
Golden Telecom Inc. (GLDN) , a Nasdaq-listed
provider of Internet, voice and data services in the former
Soviet Union, said third-quarter  profit  more than tripled on
growing traffic and an asset sale.
Russian stocks including OAO
Novolipetsk Steel and OAO  Magnitogorsk (MMK)  Iron and Steel declined
after Goldman, Sachs & Co. cut its recommendation on the
steelmakers.
MediGene AG (MDG) , the German biotechnology
company that makes a genital wart treatment, said its third-quarter loss widened on higher research costs.
Peruvian miners suspended a five-day
national mining strike after Congress made progress on
legislation to improve pensions, profit-sharing and rights for
subcontracted workers, a union official said.
Brazilian supermodel  Gisele Bundchen
is proving to be as savvy as professional investors hedging
risks in the foreign-exchange market.
Fremont General Corp., the lender
forced to exit the subprime mortgage business, named Stephen H. Gordon chairman and chief executive officer and said the entire
board will be replaced.
OAO Rosneft (ROSN) , Russia's state oil
company, may sell shares to pay off the debt it amassed to
acquire most of the assets of bankrupt OAO Yukos Oil Co., Chief
Executive Officer Sergei Bogdanchikov said.
Alitalia  SpA,  Italy 's biggest
airline, which the government is selling, said its third-quarter
loss narrowed as the company reduced operating costs.
Peru 's  copper production  rose for a
seventh straight month in September as  Freeport-McMoRan Copper &
Gold Inc. (FCX)  tripled output at its Peruvian unit.
Vallourec SA (VK) , the world's second-biggest maker of steel tubes to carry oil and gas, said third-quarter profit advanced 4.2 percent and increased its forecast
for second-half sales growth.
Nexans SA (NEX) , the world's biggest
maker of cables and wires, agreed to buy the cable unit of
Chile 's Madeco SA for $822 million to tap an expanding Latin
American market.
PT International Nickel Indonesia (INCO) ,
the country's largest nickel producer by value, said workers at
its Sorowako mine went on strike today seeking higher pay,
disrupting output at the site.
Wesfarmers Ltd., whose business range
from home improvement to mining, said cash sales from its Bunnings
hardware chain rose 11 percent in the first four months of the
financial year.
OAO Rosneft,  Russia 's largest oil
supplier, will focus on upgrading refineries it bought from
bankrupt OAO Yukos Oil Co. as domestic demand for high-value oil
products grows.
OAO Comstar United Telesystems, the
Russian telecommunications company controlled by billionaire
Vladimir Yevtushenkov , forecast revenue from regional operations
will grow more than 13 times as it expands in areas outside
Moscow and buys assets.
Knight Capital Group Inc., the
second-largest matchmaker of Nasdaq stocks, plans to acquire
closely held EdgeTrade Inc. for about $59.5 million to bolster
its electronic trading business.
The holiday sales season may be the
grimmest for U.S. retailers in at least five years as reduced
profit forecasts by  J.C. Penney Co. (JCP) , Starbucks Inc. and FedEx
Corp. show the effects of a slowing economy.
Peru's main stock index fell the most
in three months, led by  Southern Copper Corp. (SCCO) , on concern that
slowing U.S. and Chinese demand will reduce mining profits.
Wavefield Inseis ASA asked to
postpone a merger with  TGS-Nopec Geophysical Co. (TGS)  until after a
new review of TGS-Nopec's lower sales is conducted, presenting a
further obstacle to the combination of the Norwegian oil and gas
surveyors.
Saks Inc., the luxury retailer
targeted for a possible takeover by Icelandic investment company
Baugur Group HF, said third-quarter profit more than tripled on
tourist spending and shoe sales at its main  New York  store.
OAO Novolipetsk Steel, owned by
Russian billionaire  Vladimir Lisin , agreed ``in principle'' to
buy a controlling stake in OAO Maxi-Group as Kommersant reported
Alisher Usmanov abandoned a takeover of the debt-laden scrap-
metal processor.
Gazit-Globe Ltd. (GLOB) , the Israeli
developer specializing in shopping malls and housing for the
elderly, said third-quarter  profit  doubled as rental income and
the value of property investments climbed.
Investors in OAO Yukos Oil Co., once
Russia 's largest oil producer, lost their U.S. lawsuit alleging the
confiscation of the company's assets by the Russian government made
their holdings worthless.
Shaw Group Inc .
Cia.
China Life Insurance Co. (2628) , with about
$26 billion of assets under management, will trim share
investments to reduce risk after the stock market tumbled 20
percent since tripling in the first 10 months of the year.
General Motors Corp. (GM) 's OnStar will
expand into  China  in 2009, marking the communication service's
first venture outside  North America , as GM seeks to boost sales
in the world's second-largest auto market.
Freelance writers who had reached
a multi-million dollar settlement of a copyright lawsuit against
publishers including the  New York  Times Co. and Dow Jones & Co.
may get nothing after an appeals court vacated the accord.
Standard & Poor's, owner of the
benchmark index for U.S. stocks, will create three indexes next
quarter linked to credit-default swaps as it attempts to tap into
one of Wall Street's fastest-growing markets.
HSBC Holdings Plc (HSBA) , Europe's biggest
bank, will ``gradually'' restore its ownership in  Bank of
Communications Ltd .
Dated Brent fell for the first time
in a week relative to the cost of January oil as sellers of
North Sea cargoes including Chevron Corp. failed to attract
buyers.
Bond insurers including  MBIA Inc. (MBI)  and
Ambac Financial Group Inc. (ABKFQ)  may need to raise $3 billion to $7
billion to cover losses linked to collateralized debt obligations
with subprime debt, according to Citigroup Inc. analysts.
BHP Billiton Ltd. (BHP) , the world's
biggest mining company, said it may build a ``very substantial''
desalination plant at the Olympic Dam mine in  Australia .
China Petroleum & Chemical Corp. (600028) , the
nation's largest oil refiner, cut ethylene output in order to
boost the supply of diesel to the domestic market.
Mikhail Prokhorov  rejected a plea
from business partner  Vladimir Potanin  to lower the asking price
for his stake in  Russia 's biggest miner  OAO GMK Norilsk Nickel (GMKN)
and said he preferred a rival bid from United Co. Rusal.
OAO Atomenergomash,  Russia 's state-controlled holding company in nuclear machine-building, plans to
spend $300 million on ventures and acquisitions next year,
expanding abroad as demand for atomic energy rises.
Palm Inc., maker of the Treo e-mail
phone, will post an unexpected second-quarter loss after sales
missed its forecast because of delays in shipping a product.
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (SUNP)
and  Watson Pharmaceuticals Inc. (WPI)  agreed to hold off on selling a
generic version of  Novartis AG (NOVN) 's dementia drug Exelon in the
U.S., as part of a patent litigation settlement.
Renault SA (RNO) , France's second-largest
automaker, agreed to buy 25 percent of Russia's OAO AvtoVAZ,
fending off a bid from  General Motors Corp. (GM)
Renault will purchase the stake in Russia's No.
Organizacion Soriana SAB (SORIANAB) ,  Mexico 's
second-largest retailer, agreed to buy Grupo Gigante SAB's 206
supermarkets for $1.35 billion, spurring competition among
grocers.
Renault SA (RNO)  fought off rival bids to
buy 25 percent of  Russia 's biggest automaker,  OAO AvtoVAZ (AVAZ) , to
capitalize on rising demand for cars in a market that is
forecast to grow by about a fifth next year.
VTB Group, the Russian bank that
went public in the world's biggest initial public offering this
year, said third-quarter profit more than doubled on higher net
interest income.
Sulzer AG (SUN) , the world's second-biggest
maker of pumps, is appealing the recommendation of the Swiss
Takeover Board that the company acts in concert with its biggest
shareholder, Russian billionaire  Viktor Vekselberg .
Dynegy Inc. (DYN) , the owner of  power
plants  in 13 U.S. states, forecast 2008 profit that fell short of
some analyst estimates.
Centro Properties Group ,  Australia 's
second-biggest shopping-mall owner, will revise its earnings
forecast because borrowing costs are likely to rise.
Irish Life  & Permanent Plc fell the
most since it was created eight years ago after Ireland's largest
life insurer said operating  profit  may fall in 2008.
Compton Petroleum Corp. surged the
most in six years after Centennial Energy Partners LLC, its
biggest shareholder, said the Canadian oil and natural-gas
producer should consider selling itself.
Bronagh Cullinan and three friends
from Ireland happily bypassed the Statue of Liberty and the
Empire State Building on a recent visit to New York.
PT International Nickel Indonesia (INCO) ,
majority owned by  Brazil 's  Cia.
Virgin America Inc., the startup
airline partly owned by U.K. billionaire Richard Branson, lost
$34.8 million in its first quarter of operation, according to
U.S. government data.
Centro Properties Group , the
Australian owner of U.S. shopping malls owner, will avoid a fire
sale after the stock plunged 86 percent this week, Chief
Executive Officer Andrew Scott said.
Silverstein Properties Inc. and the
California State Teachers Retirement System paid $1.053 billion
for 1177 Avenue of the Americas, a 47-story office tower in
midtown Manhattan.
Credit ratings for  Ambac Financial
Group Inc. (ABKFQ)  were placed under review for a possible downgrade by
Fitch Ratings , which said the world's second-largest bond insurer
needs to raise $1 billion of capital.
Kazakhstan, the world's third-biggest
miner of uranium, will supply nuclear fuel to power Japanese
plants under an accord signed in the Kazakh commercial capital of
Almaty today.
Fomento Economico Mexicano SAB (GMODELOC) ,  Latin
America 's largest beverage company, will raise beer prices in
Mexico by the ``expected 2008 inflation rate'' on average.
VTB Group (VTBR) , owner of  Russia 's second-
biggest bank, sold its stake in  European Aeronautic Defence &
Space Co. (EAD) , parent of planemaker Airbus, to state-owned
Vnesheconombank.
Centerline Holding Co. (CHC) , a lender and
investor in affordable housing, fell the most in its history after
the company lowered its earnings forecast, reduced its dividend,
and wrote down costs from securitizing $2.8 billion of bonds.
Hollywood studios led by  Time Warner (TWX)
Inc. are poised to set a record for ticket sales this year,
rescued by higher prices after films such as ``The Golden
Compass'' failed to halt a post-summer drop in attendance.
Irish mortgage lending grew at the
slowest pace in at least a decade in November as rising
borrowing costs and concern about a property slump deterred
prospective homebuyers.
The perceived risk of companies
defaulting on their debt rose after a U.S. manufacturing index
shrank the most in almost five years, stoking concerns that the
economy is headed toward recession.
Scottish & Newcastle Plc, which is in a
legal battle with  Carlsberg A/S (CARLA)  over their Russian joint venture,
said arbitration of the dispute will be resolved within six months.
(Corrects spelling of finance director's name in fourth
paragraph.)
Toyota Motor Corp. (7203) 's promotion of its
Prius, the world's top-selling gasoline-electric auto, helped
push 2007 U.S. hybrid sales up 40 percent to a record.
Cia.
Leap Wireless International Inc. (LEAP) , the
provider of Cricket and Jump mobile-phone service, rose
6.1 percent in Nasdaq trading after holiday sales helped add
more fourth-quarter subscribers than officials expected.
Pantaloon Retail India Ltd. (PF) , the
nation's biggest publicly traded retailer, said it may consider
separating its Big Bazaar hypermarket division.
Kirk Kerkorian 's Tracinda Corp.
first contacted Delta Petroleum Corp. about buying a stake in
the U.S. oil and gas producer on Dec. 2 and agreed later in the
month to increase its offer by $2 a share.
South Korean special prosecutors
raided  Samsung Group 's Seoul headquarters and the chairman's home,
widening their probe into allegations the country's largest
industrial group bribed government officials and prosecutors.
ACE Aviation Holdings Inc. agreed to
sell a C$96.85 million ($94.7 million) stake in Jazz Air Income
Fund, which controls regional carrier Jazz Air, trimming its
share by more than half, to 9.5 percent.
OAO Rosneft, Russia's largest oil
producer, said third-quarter profit jumped 80 percent as it pumped
more crude and refined more gasoline with assets bought from
bankrupt OAO Yukos Oil Co.
Net income rose to $1.89 billion from $1.05 billion in the
same period in 2006, Moscow-based Rosneft said in an e-mailed
statement today.
Cia.
Exane BNP Paribas said investors
should buy  France Telecom  SA shares, the first time in almost five
years the brokerage has recommended the stock, predicting a ``wave
of earnings upgrades'' for the country's biggest phone company.
BP Plc (BP/)  and China Petrochemical Corp.
agreed to almost triple the capacity of a chemical plant in
southwestern China to meet demand in the world's fastest-
growing major economy.
China discovered 860 billion  yuan
($119 billion) in banking ``irregularities'' last year, almost
triple the profits by  Industrial & Commercial Bank of China Ltd.
and other ``major'' Chinese commercial banks, the regulator said.
Video-game console sales rose
20 percent to $1.3 billion in the U.S. last month as  Nintendo
Co. (7974) 's Wii kept its lead over Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
European stocks declined for a sixth
week after economic reports and earnings from the U.S. deepened
concern the world's largest economy is sliding into a recession.
U.K. Prime Minister Gordon Brown
denied he made a deal with billionaire  Richard Branson  over the
sale of  Northern Rock  Plc during their tour of  China  and  India .
OAO Novolipetsk Steel (NLMK) , the Russian
steelmaker controlled by billionaire  Vladimir Lisin , said full-
year earnings rose as much as 30 percent on stronger demand and
prices will increase in the first half of 2008.
Bank of Communications Ltd ., part-
owned by  HSBC Holdings Plc (HSBA) , said profit gained more than 60
percent in 2007 on higher income from lending and more revenue
from fee-based services.
China  will allow the nation's banks
to buy equity stakes in insurance companies to help expand their
sources of revenue and reduce risk, the banking and insurance
regulators said.
OAO Gazprom,  Russia 's state-controlled natural-gas export monopoly, pumped 548.5 billion
cubic meters of gas in 2007, 1.3 percent less than the previous
year, as milder weather reduced demand for the fuel.
New York's insurance department is
drafting stronger regulations to stabilize the market for bond
insurers.
Financial stocks staged their biggest
rally  since 2002 on speculation the  Federal Reserve 's largest
interest rate cut in 23 years will bolster earnings at banks,
brokerages and insurers.
Siemens AG (SIE)  will probably report
record quarterly profit as Chief Executive Officer Peter Loescher
overhauls  Europe 's biggest engineering company in the wake of a
bribery scandal.
Cia.
Yokohama Rubber Co. , Japan's third-
largest tiremaker, sued China's  Hangzhou Zhongce Rubber Co. ,
accusing it of using a patented tread design for luxury tires
without permission.
China Mobile Communications Corp.,
the parent of the world's most valuable phone company, will use
``patience'' in its overseas expansion plans as the carrier
focuses on winning clients in rural areas of its home market.
Security Capital Assurance Ltd.,
hobbled by deterioration in its financial guarantee portfolio,
lost its AAA bond insurer grade at  Fitch Ratings , throwing the
rankings of at least $154.2 billion of securities in doubt.
OAO Lukoil (LKOH) , Russia's largest private
oil producer, agreed to pay $36.7 million to settle shareholder
lawsuits challenging its takeover of Chaparral Resources Inc.
Chaparral investors sued in Delaware Chancery Court in March
2006, contending Lukoil's offer of $88.6 million, or $5.80 a
share, for the 40 percent stake it didn't already own was too
low.
Confidence among U.S. luxury
consumers fell to the lowest level in at least four years,
signaling a slowdown in spending in 2008, according to Unity
Marketing, a research firm.
WellCare Health Plans (WCG)  Inc., the
insurer being investigated by the FBI for possible fraud, fell
the most in almost three months in New York trading after the
Wall Street Journal said three company leaders may leave soon.
Hartford Financial Services Group
Inc. (HIG)  said it expects no material impact on its municipal bond
holdings related to the struggles of the financial guarantors
that insure the securities.
President  Vladimir Putin  sealed an
energy deal with his Serbian counterpart  Boris Tadic  giving OAO
Gazprom control of the Balkan country's national oil company.
South Korean investigators raided
the Seoul office of  Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance Co. (000810)  as part
of a probe into allegations Samsung Group diverted cash to bribe
government officials and prosecutors.
Fujitsu Ltd. (6702) , Japan's largest
provider of computer services, sued Tellabs Inc. over patents on
a type of optical communications for  computer networks .
An $86 billion-a-year Medicare-
sponsored program that pays private insurers to provide health
care is growing rapidly and has failed to keep its cost-saving
promise, experts told Congress.
Richard Branson , the billionaire who
controls U.K. carrier Virgin Atlantic Airways Ltd., plans to
start an airline in Russia to tap into a market growing at 10
percent a year.
BRE Bank SA, the Polish unit of
Commerzbank AG (CBK) , said fourth-quarter profit rose 23 percent on
higher lending income.
Peru's mine workers may vote
tomorrow on a national strike to push for legislation on better
pensions, profit-sharing and rights for subcontracted labor.
Saudi Basic Industries Co., the
world's biggest chemicals maker by market value, signed an
initial agreement on a $1.7 billion joint venture with  China
Petroleum and Chemical Corp. to build a petrochemicals complex.
The  Bush administration  will ask
Congress to let the U.S. military spend $104.2 billion on weapons
in fiscal 2009, an increase of 5.3 percent over the amount
approved this year, according to Defense Department documents.
Google Inc. (GOOG) , the most popular Web
search engine, fell the most since it went public after fourth-quarter profit missed estimates, signaling investors have soured
on one of the fastest-rising technology stocks of the decade.
OAO GMK  Norilsk Nickel , the world's
largest nickel producer, will consider buying back shares and
will sell its energy assets that the company failed to spin off
into a $7 billion company on Dec. 14.
EQT Partners AB, the buyout firm
partly owned by  Sweden 's Wallenberg family, agreed to buy
Securitas Direct AB for 10.1 billion kronor ($1.59 billion)
after raising the bid to overcome shareholders' opposition.
Watson Pharmaceuticals Inc. (WPI)  tomorrow
will begin shipping generic versions of  Merck & Co. (MRK) 's
osteoporosis drug Fosamax, under an agreement with Merck.
A Moscow court suspended the
embezzlement trial of AIDS-stricken former OAO Yukos Oil Co.
executive Vasily Aleksanian, and ordered prison doctors to
determine if he should be moved to a specialized clinic.
OAO GMK Norilsk Nickel (GMKN)  Chief
Operating Officer Ralph Tavakolian Morgan said a proposed
combination with United Co. Rusal, the world's largest aluminum
producer, may have ``merits.''
Defense Secretary Robert Gates today
expressed doubts that the U.S. Army's top weapons program, the
$160 billion Future Combat System managed by  Boeing Co. (BA) , can be
developed as planned.
The U.K. may make water metering
compulsory in parts of southern and eastern England where a
drought from 2004 to 2006 led to restrictions, Environment
Secretary  Hilary Benn  said.
AFK Sistema (AFKS) , holding company for
Russian billionaire Vladimir Yevtushenkov, denied offering to buy
shares of Bank UralSib.
Angang Steel Co. (347) , China's second-
biggest steelmaker by market value, and rival  Maanshan Iron &
Steel (600808)  Co. fell in Hong Kong trading on speculation higher iron-
ore prices may cut earnings.
OAO Gazprom doesn't expect a debt
agreement with Ukraine, raising the likelihood  Russia 's natural-gas exporter will enforce a deadline and curb supplies tomorrow.
Met-Pro Corp. (MPR) , the world's biggest
maker of aquarium pumps, filed amended reports for four quarters
and the full year to correct errors by an employee.
Half of Europe's leveraged buyouts
are missing their own targets for earnings and debt, putting
them at greater risk of breaching investor safeguards or
defaulting,  Standard & Poor's  said in a report.
Ambac Financial Group Inc. (ABKFQ) , the bond
insurer that posted losses of $5.2 billion related to mortgage-
linked securities last quarter, said its chief risk officer
resigned.
Radian Group Inc., (RDN)  the third-largest
U.S. mortgage insurer, had its  credit rating  cut by  Standard &
Poor's  today because of expected losses from reimbursing lenders
that made bad loans.
Watson Pharmaceuticals Inc. (WPI)  said U.S.
regulators have begun re-inspecting a  Florida  manufacturing plant
that they barred from producing new generic drugs after
deficiencies were found in a 2005 review.
Hewlett-Packard Co. (HPQ)  settled a case
filed by journalists over claims their privacy was invaded by a
company investigation that relied on detectives posing as
reporters to obtain phone records.
Bond insurers may be split into two
businesses in what would be the biggest overhaul of the industry
since it was created almost four decades ago.
Yahoo!
China's imports of crude slowed last
month after PetroChina Co. and  China Petroleum & Chemical Corp. (600028)
boosted domestic production.
China was a net exporter of coal in
January after imports from  Australia  and  Indonesia  were
disrupted by floods.
OAO Sitronics, Russian billionaire
Vladimir Yevtushenkov 's electronics unit, will pay $116.9 million
to increase its stake in its Kvazar-Micro unit to 87 percent.
The $160 billion system of vehicles,
drones and communications that  Boeing Co. (BA)  is building for the
U.S. Army faces more scrutiny and potential cuts this year in
Congress, Army Chief of Staff General George Casey said.
OAO Gazprom Neft, the oil producer
owned by  Russia 's natural gas export monopoly, increased crude
oil refining by 7.3 percent last year to 26.15 million tons, or
an average 525,000 barrels a day.
Onyx Pharmaceuticals Inc., developer
with Bayer AG of the liver and kidney cancer drug Nexavar, fell
the most in more than a year in Nasdaq trading after the
companies halted a test against lung tumors.
Azerbaijan  will probably be the first
country to commit natural gas supplies to the 5 billion-euro
($7.3 billion) Nabucco pipeline, a fuel link from the  Caspian Sea
to  Europe  designed to reduce the continent's dependence on
Russia .
France Telecom SA (FTE) , Europe's third-largest phone company, set up a venture with Thomson SA and
Sagem Communications to develop a standard for home networking
software that will compete with Microsoft Corp.
Watson Pharmaceuticals Inc. (WPI) , the
second-biggest U.S. maker of generic drugs, reported a fourth-
quarter profit that beat analysts' estimates, compared with a
year-earlier loss tied to research costs.
Watson Pharmaceuticals Inc. (WPI) , the
second-largest U.S. maker of generic drugs, won U.S. clearance to
sell the first lower-cost copy of  Pfizer Inc. (PFE) 's cancer drug
Camptosar.
OAO AvtoVAZ (AVAZ) ,  Russia 's biggest
carmaker, said its chief parts purchaser, Vyacheslav Shirshov,
was murdered yesterday.
Brazil 's main stock index posted its
third weekly gain in four weeks on investor optimism that the
South American country's strengthening credit outlook will boost
profits.
China Life Insurance Co. (2628)  and  Ping An
Insurance (Group) Co. (601318)  fell in Shanghai trading on concern that
investment returns will fall after the nation's stock market
tumbled to a six-month low.
Reliant Energy Inc., owner of power
plants in nine U.S. states, agreed to sell its Channelview plant
in  Texas  to a unit of Kelson Energy for $468 million.
OAO Gazprom,  Russia 's natural-gas
exporter, plans to hold an initial public offering of its new
coal and power unit after acquiring Siberian Coal Energy Co.
Gazprom will acquire 50 percent plus one share in the
country's biggest coal producer by September, the Moscow-based
companies said in a joint e-mailed statement today.
Reliant Energy Inc., owner of power
plants in nine U.S. states, posted fourth-quarter profit of $227
million after electricity prices rose and energy contracts
increased in value.
UnitedHealth Group Inc. (UNH) , the largest
U.S. health insurer, won Justice Department clearance to acquire
Sierra Health Services Inc., the dominant medical benefits
provider in  Nevada , for $2.6 billion.
BP Plc (BP/) 's Russian oil venture plans to
increase output 18 percent to 1.9 million barrels a day in 2012,
developing $15 billion of projects to resume production growth.
Central European Distribution Corp. (CEDC) ,
the Polish spirits company that agreed to buy a Russian liquor
distributor in July, said it proposed buying a stake in Russian
spirits company Whitehall Group.
Irish Life & Permanent Plc (IPM) ,
Ireland's largest life insurer, said 2007 profit fell 28 percent
as stock-market declines eroded gains from investments.
Irish Life & Permanent Plc (IPM) , Ireland's
largest life insurer, said operating profit may be at the high end
of its forecast range this year as European money markets ease.
OAO GMK Norilsk Nickel (GMKN) , the world's
largest nickel and palladium producer, faces a fine of 4.35
billion rubles ($180 million) for polluting rivers at its main
Russian site, the Natural Resources Ministry said.
Nortel Networks Corp. (NRTLQ) ,  North
America 's largest telephone-equipment maker, posted its biggest
loss in two years and announced 2,100 job cuts as sales slump.
Harvard is teaming up with  News
Corp. (NWSA) ,  Microsoft Corp. (MSFT)  and  Google (GOOG)  Inc. to develop tools to
protect  Internet users  from sex offenders and scams.
Evraz Group SA plans to spend 500
million euros ($755 million) doubling output at its rail mills as
it vies with other Russian steelmakers to supply tracks to OAO
Russian Railways, the world's largest railroad operator.
Repsol YPF SA , Spain's  largest  oil
company, said profit rose 2 percent in 2007 as higher crude-oil
prices countered a slump in production.
Repsol YPF SA ,  Spain 's  largest  oil
company, plans to spend 32.8 billion euros ($49.5 billion)
through 2012 in a bid to accelerate profit growth.
Victoria's Secret, the  Limited
Brands Inc. (LTD)  unit, may be selling lingerie that's ``too sexy''
for some of its customers, the company's chief executive officer
said today.
Brown-Forman Corp. (BF/B) , the maker of Jack
Daniel's whiskey, said third-quarter  profit  rose less than
analysts projected as grain costs climbed and sales of Southern
Comfort liqueur slowed.
OAO Gazprom,  Russia 's state-run
natural-gas export monopoly, warned European consumers it will
reduce supplies to Ukraine by a quarter in three days after
talks over gas payments broke down.
Cia.
Cia.
MBIA Inc. (MBI) , the bond insurer reeling
from subprime losses and an 80 percent slide in the stock,
approved the lowest executive bonuses in its history.
OAO Belon (BLNG) , the Russian coal producer
and metals trader, said plans by shareholder OAO Magnitogorsk
Iron & Steel to increase its stake won't derail its intention to
sell shares next year.
OAO Gazprom,  Russia 's largest energy
producer, cut natural-gas supplies to Ukraine by 50 percent as a
price disagreement escalated, risking a repeat of supply
disruptions to European consumers during a dispute two years ago.
As many as one in five U.K. mortgage-
holders are concerned about meeting their loan payments over the
next 12 months, according to a Financial Services Authority survey.
Ambac Financial Group Inc. (ABKFQ) , the bond
insurer facing a crippling credit-rating downgrade, had its
shares halted pending an announcement, according to the New York
Stock Exchange.
The Halley family will dissolve a
shareholder pact that gives them control of more than 10 percent
of  Carrefour SA (CA) , Europe's biggest retailer, through holdings of
Comet BV and Halley Participations SAS.
China  Life Insurance Co., the
country's largest insurer, said it's studying plans to sell
stakes to overseas investors as it tries to expand globally.
Indonesia's  stock market  was raised
to ``overweight'' by Merrill Lynch & Co. as the country will
benefit from high commodity prices, while  Australia (AS51)  was cut to
``underweight'' on rising  interest rates .
The  Russell 2000 Index (RTY)  fell for the
sixth time in seven days, losing 2 percent to 669.78 at 3 p.m. in
New York.
Saks Inc. (SKS) , the U.S. luxury retailer
targeted for a possible takeover by Icelandic investment company
Baugur Group HF, dropped the most in more than a year in New
York trading after Banc of America Securities LLC downgraded its
shares.